A military officer has allegedly shot to death a fuel attendant at AY Ashafa filling station around the Obasanjo Shopping Complex Minna, the Niger State capital. The incident occurred today, Monday, at about 2:30pm, following a misunderstanding that ensued between the officer and the manager of the fuel station. DAILY POST learnt the military men in their Hilux vehicle came to the fuel station located beside Dominion Foods along the major Minna-Bosso road to purchase fuel, when the manager of the station told them that there was no more fuel. It was gathered that this led to a disagreement between the head of the military team and the manager of the station and the military officer reportedly slapped the manager. An eyewitness said the exchange between the duo attracted people around the area and among them was the deceased fuel attendant said to be a brother to the manager of the filling station, who was not happy with the slap his brother received from the military personnel. The source told DAILY POST that angered by the attitude of the military officer, the deceased rushed from the scene to Lagos Street beside the fuel station and came back armed with cutlass and a dagger and injured the military personnel on his hand. According to another witness who gave his name as Musa, the action of the boy also infuriated one of the military officers, who opened fire on the fuel attendant. “After shutting the fuel station attendant, the military personnel entered their Hilux and left the fuel station, but later reinforced and came back in two Hilux vehicles to the station. But, then, everyone that gathered there had all dispersed from the scene,” he added. The deceased was rushed to the Minna General Hospital where he was confirmed dead. Efforts to get the reaction of the state police command through the Public Relations Officer,PRO, DSP Wasiu Abiodun failed as he could not be reached. Also, efforts to reach the manager of the filling station failed as he was not on ground when our correspondent visited the scene. Meanwhile, there is currently a heavy security presence of both the military and the police around the Obasanjo Shopping Complex and the Ashafa fuel station in Minna to prevent breakdown of law and order.