Famous Nigerian musician, Peter Okoye of PSquare, has hit out at Ovation Magazine Publisher and Presidential aspirant, Dele Momodu, over claims that Peter Obi, a Presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), cannot win the 2023 presidency. Momodu had said on Tuesday when he appeared on a current affairs programme ‘Your View’ on TVC, that Obi could not win the 2023 presidency in a local fringed party like Labour. When asked if Peter Obi would be able to pull the type of votes Trump did in the US, which nobody thought existed or get a large number of youths to vote for him in the general election, Momodu said it’s impossible. According to him, the first thing Obi would face is to fund the party because the party is not financially buoyant and Nigerians do not make contributions. He said: “For me, the two of the best that were in the PDP were myself and Peter Obi and he had absconded. I was in Labour, I started my journey from Labour, the first thing Obi will face in Labour is to fund the party because the party does not have money and Nigerians don’t make contributions. “After I lost the first ten million, I started shaking because they said they were setting up a structure. You cannot win a presidential election from a fringed local party like Labour. Peter Obi has money unlike me but can he spend his hard earned money on fighting Atiku and Tinubu if he emerges the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Party, he can’t.” Responding to Momodu, Okoye, in a series of tweets on Twitter, averred that Obi might not have money and structure but he has the youths and masses behind him. According to him, the 2023 election is beyond delegates as the masses will control the outcome of the election. He tweeted: “With all due respect Sir Mr Dele Momodu! Yes, Peter Obi might not have the money and structure! But he has the Youths,The Masses and The People now! The truth is that we the people are the structure. We are many and we are powerful, We are Obi-deint, we can not be distracted. “It is now beyond the delegates. The masses will control the outcome of the election. Will they vote for the candidate who paid delegates thousands of dollars to emerge as a candidate or vote for Peter Obi who has plans to change Nigeria from consumption to production? “You people don’t understand the hardship and abject poverty that will hit us if Peter Obi doesn’t win. It’s not about the North or South here, it’s about who will save us, the country is crumbling in all sectors, people are dying unnecessarily, all this rubbish must stop. “They intentionally create hardship for the people, so that they can easily buy people over to support them in a time like this! Are you people not tired of suffering? Is Nigeria today satisfactory for you? Don’t fall for these same mind games again. “Please one more thing Sir Mr Dele Momodu, with all the money and structure that other political parties have, where has it taken Nigeria to? We need Pure CHANGE! And Peter Obi is that change! And now a Threat to all of them all! Sorosoke.”