Former Deputy Speaker of AKwa Ibom State House of Assembly, Hon Uwem Udoma has warned that another ‘yellow card ‘ from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to the All Progressives Congress, APC, will ground the party and drive it into extinction in Akwa Ibom. Udoma, who spoke on a programme by Inspiration Radio, tagged: “Team Nigeria”, which was monitored by DAILY POST correspondent identified lack of power sharing formula, greed, ego, pride and lack of unity among the party leaders as factors that will cause the party’s downfall in the State. He said such an incident was ridiculous and had impeded APC’s ability to present itself as alternative to the PDP in the State. Hon Udoma, who berated the APC for constantly antagonizing the INEC, said the inability of Akwa Ibom APC delegates to vote at the just concluded APC presidential primary in Abuja was a proof that the electoral commission remained the referee in the contest and showed the extent the ongoing war of ego and pride had destroyed the party. He added, “all those displaying ego and pride must be careful and realise that INEC remains the referee.” “We have a yellow card already. A second yellow card will not be good for APC and there will be more red cards from INEC to Akwa Ibom APC in 2023. Referees also give red cards to coaches and technical advisers and they leave the pitch. “Lack of power sharing formula has resulted in the party constantly washing her dirty linens in public, a ridiculous situation that has continually impeded APC’s ability to present itself as a better alternative to the PDP in Akwa Ibom.” He observed that there were some improvements in the country’s electoral process and noted that rigging and ballot boxes snatching will be reduced in the 2023 general election. He said the days of calculating one plus one as five are gone, adding that one plus one must remain two in 2023 . The former lawmaker noted that some Professors who helped manipulate one plus one to become five in the 2019 general election were in jail to prove that the Electoral act is not a tea party. On the controversy over the 2023 Akwa Ibom North West Senatorial District APC ticket, the former Deputy Speaker noted that it is both morally and politically reprehensible for anyone to contemplate denying Abak federal Constituency within the senatorial district and warned that the APC will be swimming against the tide. “Zoning must be honoured because among the four federal constituencies that make up the Senatorial district, Ukanafun/Oruk Anam constituency has produced three Senators, Ikot Ekpene Federal Constituency five, Ikono/Ini two, while Abak Federal Constituency has never had any. “If the APC denies Abak Federal Constituency the Senate ticket, APC will fail woefully, because while the PDP scored 10,926 votes at the 2019 Senatorial elections in Abak LGA, the APC scored 9665. The PDP won with only 1261 votes,” he stated. He said the carrot of Senate President being dangled by Senator Akpabio is an old gimmick that won’t work in 2023. “You cannot be Senate President without first winning election into the Senate or when you are not even a candidate for the 2023 election. “Any attempt to deny Abak the APC Senatorial ticket and the recent attempt to forcefully substitute Mr Clement Jimbo as the Abak Federal Constituency APC candidate will consume the party. Ignore Abak votes at your peril and no amount of midnight primary or swearing in of party officers at midnight will save APC”, he said.