The micro lens introduced by OPPO in the OPPO Reno7 series is paving the way for a new generation of intelligent portrait capabilities. This type of lens is one of the most inspiring tools for young photography enthusiasts around the world, and Nigerian content creators and photography enthusiast, thanks to the technologies, devices and artificial intelligence algorithms that operate under Reno7 lenses. The micro lens came as a result of years of research by imaging engineers from OPPO and Sony, leading to this generation of lenses. The images taken by the micro lenses are not only accurate and clear, but also show the fine details of the objects to be photographed, which truly drives them to be a source of inspiration and creativity for photographers. Shot on OPPO Reno7 #UnlimitedMicroworld Reno 7 Unlimited Micro World OPPO’s Reno 7 is the first smartphone series specialized in portrait photography. OPPO has taken the image-focused experience into the future, thanks to a suite of professional hardware and algorithms, which enable users around the world to take great portrait photos, with the click of a button. This series is also the first smartphone to include algorithms in the sensors, as collecting enough light through the image sensor is critical to obtain clearer, brighter and sharper images. OPPO is constantly striving to find innovative ways to increase light sensitivity, to deliver images of the highest quality, culminating in the adoption of the RGBW (red, green, blue and white) pixel design, which increased the light sensitivity thanks to this design to 32%. However, there remained problems with the power of conventional image sensors and signal interference between pixels, which allowed the images captured to be subject to chromatic aberrations. 2019 and 2020 marked a new start for OPPO’s micro-lens research, adding two white sub-pixels to each red, green and blue pixel so that each pixel is able to detect both “color” signals and the full spectrum, and operate independently without affecting its neighbors. A team of more than 300 imaging engineers at OPPO made the breakthrough it was looking for in lenses, and obtained 87 patents in the process. In 2019, OPPO and Sony officially began working together to produce a next-generation RGBW sensor, and further improvements were completed, after which the Quadra Binning algorithm was successfully integrated into the RGBW sensor to complete what is now known as the IMX709 Ultra-Sensing sensor. To be complete, OPPO’s R&D team worked closely with chip manufacturers including Qualcomm and MediaTek to perform compatibility tests on the IMX709 to ensure it was compatible with the best SoC chip systems, ultimately making the IMX709 more capable of capturing 60% more light. And deliver photos with 35% less noise.