A woman in Adamawa State has been charged with killing her husband so she could inherit his property. The woman, Hafsat, is said to have planned the killing of the husband, Saidu Mamman, in collaboration with two children of the family and a fourth person who executed the plan. Hapsat Saidu, allegedly helped by Fa’iza Saidu and Faisal Saidu, daughter and son of the deceased respectively, allegedly plotted the murder of the head of the family, Saidu Mamman. Facts of the case indicate that the trio confessed to paying N120, 000 to an outsider, one Mathew Peter (aka Goga) who allegedly assassinated Saidu so that they could have his belongings to themselves. While the trio are currently in detention following the order of a Yola Chief Magistrate Court I, the whereabouts of the fourth suspect, Goga, is unknown. It was gathered on Thursday that the 60-year-old Saidu Mamman was killed last month, April 4, at his residence in Sangere, a community in Girei Local Government Area, near the state capital, Yola. Police record on the matter says Saidu was found unconscious in the pool of his blood by 6:00am that fateful day and was rushed to the Specialist Hospital in Yola, where he was confirmed dead. The Police officer prosecuting the case, Inspector Hamza Abdullahi, said the State Police Command received information by 6:30 am on the day of the incident and nabbed the defendants. “The defendants were arrested and they confessed to have conspired among themselves and hired one Mathew Peter (now at large) at the sum of N120, 000, to kill the said Saidu,” the police prosecutor said. At the Court, the defendants pleaded guilty to the charge of criminal conspiracy against them. Consequently, the Police prosecutor applied for an adjournment of the case to enable the conclusion of the investigation and to send the case file to the director of public prosecution for legal advice. The Court, presided by Chief Magistrate Abdullahi Mohammed Digil, adjourned the case to next month, July 4, and ordered the defendants to be remanded in prison custody.