Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State and the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Senator Teslim Kolawole Folarin, have urged security agencies to arrest the perpetrators of the Ondo church attack. The duo made these declarations in separate statements made available to DAILY POST. Our correspondent gathered that several people were killed during an attack on St. Francis Catholic Church in Owo, the hometown of Governor Rotimi Akeredolu. Several others were also injured during the attack. Makinde and Folarin, in their separate statements, condemned the attack. Makinde in a statement made available to DAILY POST described the attack as barbaric and condemnable. He expressed condolences to the governor of the state, Rotimi Akeredolu. Makinde said, “My deepest condolences to my brother, His Excellency Rotimi Akeredolu, the people of Owo, families of the victims, and Ondo State on the dastardly attack on worshippers at St Francis Catholic Church, Owo today. May the souls of the victims rest in peace. “This unprovoked and barbaric attack is condemnable in its entirety. I urge the security agencies to ensure that the perpetrators are found and brought to book”. Similarly, Folarin in his own reaction, condemned what he described as an atrocious terrorist attack. Folarin insisted that terrorism has no place in Yorubaland. He then urged law enforcement agencies to collaboratively launch a manhunt to bring the assailants to book. Folarin said, “I extend my deepest condolences to the bereaved families; and my solidarity and support to Governor Rotimi Akeredolu-led Ondo State Government, the people of Owo Kingdom, and by extension, people of the Sunshine State. May God grant the affected families the fortitude to bear the huge loss. “Terrorism has no place in Yorubaland. In fact, there is no justification for the heinous attack. To this end, I urge all the law enforcement agencies to collaboratively launch a manhunt to bring the assailants to book, in accordance with the laws of the land.”