The Centre for Anti-Corruption and Open Leadership, CACOL, on Monday, condemned the unprovoked attack and killing of innocent worshippers at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State, on Sunday. DAILY POST reports that the church was attacked yesterday by yet to be identified gunmen, leading to the killing of scores of worshippers. In a release signed by CACOL’s Director of Administration and Programmes, Tola Oresanwo, on behalf of the organization’s Chairman, Comrade Debo Adeniran, he noted that the attack on these innocent worshippers is senseless, barbaric, condemnable, and unacceptable and uncalled for. CACOL also urged the government to find a lasting solution to the menace of insecurity in the country. The statement read, “It is another sad tale of the security situation in the country. It is so unfortunate that the security situation in the country has degenerated to an abysmal low level making all efforts aimed at restoring the lost glory of the security situation to be counterproductive. “We were particularly saddened by the report that the two Police Divisions in Owo town and Area Command have no official patrol van to get to the scene of the crime despite having almost 50 men standby at the ACPOL, Owo. This is very sad going by the annual budgetary allocation to Security year in year out. “We at CACOL would like to call on the government to find a lasting solution to the menace of insecurity in the country by having a proactive approach which will prevent further atrocities of this nature. Since the security of lives and properties is the responsibility of the government, the government of the day should also look into the possibility of completely overhauling the security architecture of the country. We would also use this medium to call on the security agencies to use all legal means to bring the perpetrators of this dastardly act to book”. “We also express our heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims, the Catholic Church, the government and the people of Ondo State over the incident.”