How does Giftcard8 win customers’ support? June 12, 2022- Giftcard8 was founded in 2018, the users have reached more than 300,000, and the transaction volume is more than 2 million. It is a sophisticated site which can help you with more than 50+ kinds of gift cards. Giftcard8 launched the 1.6.0 version on May 30, 2022. You can calculate the final trading price in advance. Besides, Giftcard8 has a new function “finder”, which is a message set including your selling record and the latest campaign notifications. Click Giftcard8 official website to know more Easy to use and for free Two vital parts for people to choose a brand to sell gift cards are the rate and security. Rate in Giftcards8 is always kept at a high level although it will update its price from time to time(higher 5% than other platforms). Giftcard8 supports password, face, and fingerprint to unlock, and our customer services are super warm-heart, anytime you have problems they will help you immediately. Giftcard8 app installation package is not big but can run at high speed, you can control the whole process of selling gift cards but don’t need to take too much effort. Easy to use and quick response are also irreplaceable advantages compared to others.
Giftcard8 is completely free. If you sell a gift card of ₦7,800, you can withdraw ₦7,800 to your bank account without any service charge. Click Giftcard8 official website to know more Amazing rewards for new users and loyal fans We cherish the reputation and are eager to keep intimate terms with our users, so that we would carry out different campaigns every month. In June, we organize four events for users and new users. One is the big rewards for inviting, new users will be rewarded ₦500 directly and you can invite your friends to earn inviting rewards if you think Giftcard8 is good. Second, we designed a VIP system. VIP rewards are a special way to express gratitude to our fans. Third, we also offer extra rewards for people who can do large transactions with us , for example, if you can sell $100 worth of steam in one order, you will get ₦200 as an extra reward. With the coming of Democracy Day, if you can invite one new user you will get ₦600 rewards! Click Giftcard8 official website to know more HAPPY DEMOCRACY DAY, FOR FREEDOM AND HAPPINESS!