Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Abiodun Oyebanji, candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Saturday’s governorship election in Ekiti State, has been declared the winner of the exercise. Oyebanji, who secured victory in 15 of the 16 Local Government Areas of the State, polled a total of 187,057 votes. 2. There was a mini rowdiness at Ward 10, Unit 9, Ilupeju along Ikere-Ado Expressway in Ikere Ekiti, Ikere Local Government Area of Ekiti State when some officers of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps allegedly stormed the polling unit and took away a huge sum of money from some politicians in the unit. 3. Presidential Candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, yesterday said he is in talks with the Labour Party’s Presidential Candidate, Peter Obi, ahead of the 2023 Presidential election. Recently, there have been speculations about the possibility of a merger between the NNPP and the LP. 4. The All Progressives Congress Zonal Secretary, South-South, Dr. Blessing Agbomhere yesterday, said they are ready to support the presidential candidate of the party, Senator Bola Tinubu irrespective of who he chooses as his running mate. He said it is the constitutional right of Tinubu to pick his running mate, irrespective of the religious affiliation of the person. 5. Police in Anambra State on Saturday confirmed the clash of two criminal gangs in Ihiala LGA of the state. A viral video on social media had shown some rifle-wielding young men in a convoy of assorted cars, carrying some dead bodies. 6. Bandits operating in Zamfara State have again stormed Mada community in Gusau LGA of the State, killing one local and abducting six others. It was gathered that the terrorists stormed Mada district of Gusau, the State capital, and shot sporadically, putting everyone on the run. 7. Following an order of the Bishop of Enugu Diocese banning his Adoration Ministry, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka has suspended programmes in the ministry. In a statement yesterday, Mbaka informed his followers that the programmes would no longer be held in the Ministry till further notice. 8. A mob on Saturday set a suspected thief ablaze in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital. The suspect, whose identity could not be ascertained, was said to have been caught after allegedly stealing an expensive phone from a victim. 9. The Umueri community in the Anambra East Local Government Area of Anambra State has suspended an 80-year-old man identified as Vincent Okoye for allegedly defiling a 10-year-old girl. The monarch, Igwe Benneth Emeka, on Saturday, said the crime is a taboo in the community, which can bever be condoned. 10. The Imo State Police Command on Saturday arrested two suspects, Mrs Victoria Nwosu, (Stepmother) age 26-year-old and Mr Chimezie Nwosu, (Father) age 30-year-old, for allegedly chaining their 7-year-old boy, Kelechi Nwosu, and dumping him in a room around World Bank area in Owerri.