The Governorship Campaign Council of the Osun Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has rubbished the recent call by the All Progressives Congress (APC) for a probe of Ademola Adeleke, the party’s gubernatorial candidate over alleged vote buying agenda. The Osun PDP said it was an attempt to cover the failure of the Adegboyega Oyetola administration and distract attention from his imminent defeat. In a statement signed by Diran Odeyemi, Chairman, Media and Publicity Committee, Senator Ademola Adeleke Campaign Organisation, issued on Tuesday, the Campaign Council said that at no time did its candidate boast or mention plans to buy votes. The Osun PDP also accused Governor Oyetola and his team of specialising in deliberate misinformation and misinterpretation, adding that they have nothing to show as justification for the governor’s re-election bid and they have been desperately pushing to subvert the will of Osun people by the killing and maiming of PDP supporters. According to the statement, “He never claimed before a first-class Oba that he is richer than the monarchy and Osun State as a whole. Never has Senator Adeleke relied on voters’ monetary inducement as his local government tour has attracted an unprecedented crowd of voters all over the State. ”Oyetola and his team specialise in deliberate misinformation and misinterpretation of Senator Adeleke because they have nothing to show as justification for the governor’s re-election bid. “Osun people are, however, wiser than agents of dark propaganda whose stock in trade is to deceive the public while inflicting untold hardship on the populace. “All over the world, elections cost money in terms of logistics, media, and printable. Senator Adeleke is right to promise the availability of funds to cover his election expenses based on contributions from family and friends. Our candidate’s funding capacity is a product of legitimate private-sector earnings, not a corrupt, ill-gotten wealth from State coffers. The public knows the truth and the shamelessness demonstrated by Oyetola’s campaign Council is legendary. “While we understand the frustration of Oyetola and his people, we assert that the upcoming governorship election is a referendum on the failure of the Gboyega Oyetola government. “With facts on the ground, no campaign of calumny, no matter how sophisticated, can dissuade Osun people from rejecting the All Progressives Congress (APC) on July 16. “Senator Adeleke has been moving around Osun, canvassing voters on the need to salvage the State from ruin orchestrated by APC failures. It is the Governor’s party that is desperately pushing to subvert the will of Osun people by killing and maiming PDP supporters.” On Monday, Senator Ajibola Basiru, the Director-General of the Oyetola Campaign organisation had called for the probe of the PDP gubernatorial candidate, Ademola Adeleke over alleged vote buying. Basiru also accused the Osun State PDP of engaging in the destruction of its campaign billboards all over the State, an accusation the Osun PDP and the Ademola Adeleke gubernatorial camp had since denied.