The Akwa Ibom State Government has promised to rejig the security architecture in the state in order to tackle new wave of crimes and criminality in the state. The governor, Mr Udom Emmanuel said this during a Thanksgiving Service organised in honour of Apostle John Okoriko, who was abducted by gunmen in his church premises in April, this year and released after spending four days in the kidnappers’ den. The governor, who was represented by the 2023 governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Pastor Umo, said security agencies are still trailing the kidnappers. He explained, however, that despite the challenging security situation in most parts of the country, Akwa Ibom has enjoyed a high level of peace in the state. According to him government has invested a lot of resources in the area of security which has also yielded appreciable results in the state. “Government is aware of pockets of criminal activities in some parts of the state, but I am assuring everyone that this administration will continue to double its efforts to ensure that Akwa Ibom remains a destination of choice” Emmanuel said He added that, “Akwa Ibom remains one of the most peaceful states in the country. Most investors have found Akwa Ibom as their preferred destination for any transaction.” While thanking God for protecting the life of Apostle John Okoriko and sparing the state from mourning one of its prominent sons, the governor appreciated the Father’s of Faith for always seeking God’s intervention in the affairs of the state. In his remarks, Apostle John Okoriko, while narrating his ordeal in the kidnappers den, also appreciated the fathers of faith in the state for their relentless prayers which he noted facilitated his release. Narrating his ordeal in the kidnappers’ den, Okoriko said, “The painful experience began on Tuesday, 19 April, 2022. I was seated and counseling two people in front of my country home at the headquarters of our church, Solid Rock Kingdom Church , Ibekwe Akpan Nya Mkpat Enin local government area. At about 4:15 pm, when dreadful armed men emerged suddenly, harassed, blindfolded and dragged me into the bush. Three out of the five kidnappers wore masks. My horrible experience in their hands was unprintable.”