The federal government has deplored available resources to enforce community policing but needs the cooperation and support of members of the public. Minister of Police Affairs, Dr Muhammad Maigari Dingyadi and Inspector General of Police Alkali  Minister of Police Affairs, Dr Muhammad Maigari Dingyadi and Inspector General of Police Alkali Baba Usman made the disclosure in Calabar, capital of Cross River State. They emphasised the importance of information to law enforcement for effective policing from the community level saying they are ready to attend to genuine complaints, which is the reason the Police Public Complaints Committee (PPCC), is set up. Both officials of the federal government said the federal government is emphasising on community policing as a way of combating increasing insecurity in parts of the country. “Community policing can not be over-emphasised which is why the government has set up the ministry of police affairs. We are embarking on sensitisation campaigns to garner a better understanding of the working of the Police Public Complaints Committee (PPCC). We are holding the fourth edition of the campaign for South-South Nigeria having held in Lagos, Sokoto and Kogi States. “The campaign is a very important strategy to emphasise community policing. The PPCC is well briefed about its functions and will discharge them impartially. The federal government is looking for public cooperation to succeed.” The minister said the PPCC will not handle cases currently in court of law, cases already settled in a court, cases between police personnel and cases than are more than two years old. “The PPCC shall also not handle petitions that are not duly signed by the petitioners or anonymous petitions. It shall not handle cases between police and other security agencies and cases that are purely civil in nature which involves a police officer..” Also speaking, the Inspector General of Police, Usman, represented by the AIG of zone six, Okunlola Kamaldeen, said the public needs to be educated on the community policing. He said there is need for synergy even as the police remains a friend despite public opinion against it. “Community policing is all about members of the public volunteering useful information to the police as security remains a responsibility for all. “The police cannot be separated from the public who see us as a necessary evil. The public should tolerate us. We have limitations regarding what we receive. We cannot do magic. People should feel free to come up with genuine complaints and should not die in silence. They should have confidence in us. The system will be better..” On his part, the Obong of Calabar, Edidem Ekpo Okon Abasi V, represented by Chief Emmanuel Ekpo bemoaned the heightened state of insecurity. “In Calabar and other parts of Cross River, we can no longer sleep with our two eyes close. We live in fear in recent times. We can no longer move safely. I call on all to be security conscious. And we must give support to the police.” Usman made the disclosure in Calabar, capital of Cross River State. They emphasised the importance of information to law enforcement for effective policing from the community level saying they are ready to attend to genuine complaints, which is the reason the Police Public Complaints Committee (PPCC), is set up. Both officials of the federal government said the federal government is emphasising on community policing as a way of combating increasing insecurity in parts of the country. “Community policing can not be over-emphasised which is why the government has set up the ministry of police affairs. We are embarking on sensitisation campaigns to garner a better understanding of the working of the Police Public Complaints Committee (PPCC). We are holding the fourth edition of the campaign for South-South Nigeria having held in Lagos, Sokoto and Kogi States. “The campaign is a very important strategy to emphasise community policing. The PPCC is well briefed about its functions and will discharge them impartially. The federal government is looking for public cooperation to succeed.” The minister said the PPCC will not handle cases currently in court of law, cases already settled in a court, cases between police personnel and cases than are more than two years old. “The PPCC shall also not handle petitions that are not duly signed by the petitioners or anonymous petitions. It shall not handle cases between police and other security agencies and cases that are purely civil in nature which involves a police officer..” Also speaking, the Inspector General of Police, Usman, represented by the AIG of zone six, Okunlola Kamaldeen, said the public needs to be educated on the community policing. He said there is need for synergy even as the police remains a friend despite public opinion against it. “Community policing is all about members of the public volunteering useful information to the police as security remains a responsibility for all. “The police cannot be separated from the public who see us as a necessary evil. The public should tolerate us. We have limitations regarding what we receive. We cannot do magic. People should feel free to come up with genuine complaints and should not die in silence. They should have confidence in us. The system will be better..” On his part, the Obong of Calabar, Edidem Ekpo Okon Abasi V, represented by Chief Emmanuel Ekpo bemoaned the heightened state of insecurity. “In Calabar and other parts of Cross River, we can no longer sleep with our two eyes close. We live in fear in recent times. We can no longer move safely. I call on all to be security conscious. And we must give support to the police.”