Given the shortage of skilled installers in the sanitary industry, GROHE a global brand for complete bathroom solutions and kitchen fittings, has on Thursday, launched its “GROHE Installer Vocational Training and Education” (GIVE) Program at Universal Learn Direct Academy at Mafoluku, Oshodi, Lagos. The GIVE program is aimed at offering an attractive training program that helps the young generation of plumbers in Nigeria build the foundation for a prosperous future. This is why GROHE, a leading global brand for complete bathroom solutions and kitchen fittings, initiated its “GROHE Installer Vocational Training and Education” (GIVE) Program.  ● Within the “GROHE Installer Vocational Training and Education” (GIVE) Program, the brand will provide plumbing training to young professionals across Nigeria ● The GIVE Program is aimed at upgrading the level of technical expertise in Nigeria’s plumbing industry and equipping the young generation of plumbers with requisite skills, knowledge and expertise ● With hands-on training according to the latest industry standards, GROHE will have a positive impact on sustainable social transformation To help improve training facilities, GROHE will set up a fully functioning training environment where students can benefit from the brand’s vast expertise. GIVE follows a uniformed approach with modern equipment, training material and a written examination that will set new industry standards. “As a global top brand for sanitary solutions, we’re extremely committed to making a positive impact on plumbing industries around the world. Hence, the development of our GIVE initiative Program, where we share knowledge in sanitary and bathroom solutions.” states Renu Misra, Leader MENA, LIXIL EMENA. “Besides initiatives like ‘LIXIL goes ZERO’ and ‘Less Plastic,’ where we advocate resource conservation and sustainable consumption, the social dimension is an integral part of our sustainability strategy. As the program’s name implies, giving back to society is vital for us at GROHE.” Engr Olawunmi Gasper, President of ULDA (Middle) Declaring Open the Grohe GIVE Program at Universal Learn Direct Academia (ULDA) in Lagos Nigeria.  As part of the GIVE Program, GROHE will offer world-class facilities based on a state-of-the-art training framework by installing modern training racks and providing learning material and experienced technical trainers. Students will complete a specific product training designed by GROHE, for which they will receive a recognized international certificate. Christopher Penney, Leader, GIVE Program, LIXIL EMENA (Middle) and Employees at the Inauguration of Grohe GIVE Program at Universal Learn Direct Academia (ULDA) in Lagos Nigeria. “The GIVE Program’s curriculum is practical-oriented and designed to teach students the specialties of plumbing skill. This will ensure that they are capable of installing and maintaining our expanding product range before they embark on their future careers in the plumbing industry,” siad Christopher Penney, Leader, GIVE Program, LIXIL EMENA. Penney added: “It gives me great pleasure to see our GIVE Program officially in operation in Nigeria – a testament to our commitment to countervail the shortage of skilled installers in the sanitary industry while also giving back to society and offering young people an exciting start to their careers.”   Christopher Penney, Leader, GIVE Program, LIXIL EMENA at the Inauguration of Grohe GIVE Program at Universal Learn Direct Academia (ULDA) in Lagos Nigeria. On the high demand of plumbers globally, Mr Gbola Oba, Visioner and Co-Founder, Universal Learn Direct Academy, Lagos said: “Skills sell anywhere in the world. Today one of the major problems as a Nigerian living in Lagos is the low quality of artistic plumbers working on the plumbing in your homes. The richest plumber I know in Nigeria today went to Germany as an Economic Immigrant from Lagos. When he got there because he was barely literate he was fortunate to be trained in basic plumbing and he is a multi-billionaire in Nigeria because he earned the skill, which is what GROHE is bringing to Nigeria.” Christopher Penney, Leader, GIVE Program, LIXIL EMENA (First Right) and Stakeholders at the Inauguration of Grohe GIVE Program at Universal Learn Direct Academia (ULDA) in Lagos Nigeria. As the GROHE GIVE program is intended to produce knowledgeable, top-tier technicians, companies and customers across Nigeria will be able to rely on the practical expertise of the trained students and tap into their vast resource of knowledge and experience. The training academy will perform the all-important function of upgrading the level of expertise in the Nation’s plumbing industry and helping sanitary workers build their skills, capacity and technical know-how. About GROHE GROHE is a leading global brand for complete bathroom solutions and kitchen fittings. Since 2014 GROHE has been part of the strong brand portfolio of LIXIL, a manufacturer of pioneering water and housing products. In order to offer “Pure Freude an Wasser”, every product is based on the brand values of quality, technology, design and sustainability. Portfolio highlights such as the GROHE Eurosmart line or the GROHE thermostat series as well as groundbreaking innovations such as the GROHE Blue water system are the perfect embodiment of these values. Focused on customer needs, GROHE creates life-enhancing and sustainable product solutions that offer added value for consumers. To make everyday work easier for its professional partners, the brand also offers a comprehensive range of services, including the GROHE + loyalty program and GIVE – a training program for the next generation of installers. Get to know our GIVE program and how you can be part of it in Nigeria. Call: +234806939606 or email: Robin.Chamaa@grohe.com Visit: www.give.grohe.com or https://www.grohe.com/ Follow us on social media via Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and YouTube.