The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun has warned the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to perish the alleged attempts to embark on secret voters registration with the All Progressives Congress (APC) to inflate the current figure of the current voters register. In a signed statement by Adekunle Akindele in Osogbo on Friday, the caretaker committee chairman, the PDP reminded INEC that the party and all political parties in Osun State were already in possession of current numbers on the voter register in each of the 3,763 polling units in the state. It added that it will be suicidal for the election management body to allow itself to be forced into such a dangerous mission with APC. “Osun as of today is too tensed to toy with by any agency or institution of government and it will be too unfortunate for INEC to make itself available as a willing tool to test people’s resolve on the July 16 governorship election in the state. “History will no doubt, not be too kind to INEC on any crisis erupting from careless handling of election matters by a mere election umpire in a state. If Osun State is not bedeviled with ethnic or communal crisis, igniting such on the altar of desperation of one man will be carelessness taken too far,” the PDP warned. Meanwhile, in an earlier statement, INEC stated that it does not concern itself with information obtained from social media circles as it remained an unbiased umpire. In the statement, the Osun REC, Professor Raji stated that “It has come to the notice of the commission that a political group is accusing INEC of hoarding PVCs, we want to unequivocally state that the electoral body will not be dragged into unnecessary bickering and will not join issues with politicians who are bent on circumventing the system. “INEC has called on eligible voters to go to its offices across the local government areas to collect their PVCs and are already attending to them where there are specific issues it should be formally reported to the office of the resident electoral commissioner for necessary action. “INEC remains committed to the conduct of a free, fair and acceptable election and will not in any way jeopardize the right of Nigerians to freely vote during the election and as such will not disenfranchise anyone.”