A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State, Adesola Gold Adedayo has advised the candidate of the Social Democratic Party in the just concluded governorship election, Segun Oni to shelve his decision to challenge the outcome of the election in court. Adedayo, who was a House of Representatives aspirant in Ekiti North Federal constituency 2 in the 2019 elections, said challenging the election that produced Biodun Oyebanji of the APC as governor-elect in court would be anti-people. The APC chieftain spoke in Osun Ekiti, Moba Local government area of Ekiti State, on Thursday, while sharing his views with newsmen on the just concluded election. Adedayo appealed to Oni as an elder statesman, to collaborate with the incoming governor to uplift Ekiti beyond the present level, rather than resorting to litigation that could distract governance. He said: “In contesting for the governorship of any state, one must bear in mind that it is selfless service to the people and not a do-or-die venture. “Engr. Oni is a reputable individual in our state and I know that he will be more committed to the peace and progress of our dear state, I will appeal to him to have a rethink about taking such a step. “At this point when youths are craving for attention, women too are on government’s neck that they should be recognised and towns and villages agitating for more Infrastructures and farmers calling for security so that they can go back to the farm and produce for people to buy, it would be wrong for anyone to constitute any distraction by way of going to tribunal, that will be grossly anti-people. “The people voted for Biodun Oyebanji and that verdict and the will of the people must be respected and allowed to stand. So, I appeal to the SDP candidate to shelve such an idea. “He should take a cue from the PDP candidate, Bisi Kolawole who had congratulated the winner and wished him well. That was a strength and spirit of sportsmanship we must all imbibe”. Adedayo, however, said he didn’t entertain any fear that the outcome of the election can fail legal scrutiny, saying it was a mandate freely given by Ekiti voters that can’t be upturned by any court. “Let it be known to the opposition that principal actors in the conduct of elections like INEC, security agencies and observer groups have all adjudged Ekiti election free, fair, transparent and credible, so no cause for alarm. “They have pointedly told other contenders to accept the outcome. I have nothing to fear since these stakeholders were positive in their opinions about the election. With what I saw that happened in that election, no court can upturn the results, the court can only validate the referendum passed by the people about the performance of our party”, he stated. Puncturing the widespread belief that vote-buying had allegedly pervaded the election, Adedayo said: “I consider this as nothing but spurious. Ekiti people are not the type that you can buy so easily, they are sophisticated and independent-minded. “If they say we induced the people using the power of incumbency, didn’t APC lose the election in 2014 as an incumbent? Don’t forget that the candidate of the SDP, who is a former governor has large followership as well. “If APC was so rich to buy the people, would he have commanded that large followership? Ekiti people voted according to their conscience and our politicians must be democratic enough to accept the verdict of the people”.