The All Progressives Congress (APC) has unveiled 18 sub-committees, which will take charge of activities ahead of its presidential convention scheduled for June 6-8, 2022. APC’s National Publicity Secretary, Felix Morka, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday night. This follows the conclusion of the ruling party’s screening exercise for aspirants on Monday and Tuesday this week. A total of 23 politicians were screened ahead of the presidential primary. Full list of sub-committees: 1. Budget committee – Governor of Gombe State, Inuwa Yahaya
Co-Chair: Minister of Finance, Zainab Ahmed 2. Finance and Logistics committee – Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. 3. Accreditation and Decoration committee would be chaired by Dapo Abiodun, Governor of Ogun State. 4. Security and Compliance – Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu.
Co-Chair – former Minister of Interior, Gen. Abdulrahman Dambazau (rtd). 5. Election Planning – Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, Governor of Kebbi State
Co-Chair: Hope Uzodinma, Governor of Imo State 6. Transportation – Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, Governor of Kano State
Deputy: Ramatu Tijani Aliyu, Minister of State for the Federal Capital Territory 7. Accommodation – Babagana Umara Zulum, Governor of Borno State
Co-Chair: Gboyega Oyetola, Governor of Osun State 8. Media and Publicity- Abdullahi Sule, Governor of Nasarawa State 9. Medicals – Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment
Co-Chair: Prof. Isaac Folorunso Adewole, former Minister of Health 10. Legal: Abubakar Malami SAN, Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice 11. Venue and Site Servicing: Bello Muhammad Matawalle, Governor of Zamfara State
Co-Chair: Mohammed Musa Bello, Minister of the Federal Capital Territory 12. Election Appeal – Mai Mala Buni, Governor of Yobe State 13. Hospitality and Welfare – Simon Lalong, Governor of Plateau State
Co-Chair: Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development 14. Protocols – Aminu Bello Masari, Governor of Katsina State 15. Digital Communications – AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, Governor of Kwara State 16. Pre-Convention/Management/ Rapporteur – Mallam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai, Governor of Kaduna State
Deputy: Dame Pauline Tallen, Minister of Women Affairs 17. Presidential Screening Appeal – Abubakar Sani Bello, Governor of Niger State
Co-Chair: Ahmed Idris Wase, Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives 18. Accreditation of Diplomats – Ovie Omo-Agege, Deputy President of the Senate
Co-Chair: Geoffrey Onyeama, Minister for Foreign Affairs