Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has said that the processes that would lead to the emergence of the next Alaafin of Oyo will be strictly based on the Alaafin of Oyo Chieftaincy Declaration. Makinde made this revelation while speaking at the burial ceremony organised for the late Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi on Saturday. The event was attended by the Deputy Governor of the State, Engineer Rauf Aderemi Olaniyan, Osun State Deputy Governor, Mr. Benedict Alabi, Osun State PDP Gubernatorial Candidate, Senator Ademola Adeleke, former Osun State governor, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola and Oluwo of Iwo, Oba AbdulRasheed Akanbi. Others were Speaker, Oyo State House of Assembly, Debo Ogundoyin, former Oyo State Speaker, Senator Monsurat Sunmonu and the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams. DAILY POST recalls that the 45 Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Adeyemi joined his ancestors in April this year. The monarch, who reigned for 52 years, died at the age of 83. The Alaafin stool has been vacant since the departure of Oba Adeyemi. Makinde has now said that the emergence of the new monarch would be guided by the Alaafin of Oyo Chieftaincy Declaration. He told the people that the process to select a new Alaafin will not go beyond the Alaafin of Oyo Chieftaincy Declaration. Makinde described the late monarch as an Encyclopaedia of history and culture. Makinde said, “Today is a day of celebration for us as we are celebrating a life that was well-lived and impactful. “Let me share one or two things with us on my relationship with the late Kabiyesi. “So, Baba was an Encyclopaedia of our history and culture. “I can only say that we have lost a king that is irreplaceable but we have to accept the fact that we cannot question God. “Let me also use this opportunity to let our people in Oyo know that the process to select a new Alaafin will not go beyond the Alaafin of Oyo Chieftaincy Declaration. “I told them that a new Alaafin will be selected only through the Declaration that was signed. So, on behalf of the government and the people of Oyo State, I want to greet all of us.”