Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti says the new Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) deployed by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for the Ekiti governorship election saves time and aids a large turnout of voters. Fayemi made the remarks after casting his vote at Ogilolo Unit 009 Ward 11 in Isan-Ekiti, Oye Local Government Area of Ekiti State, on Saturday. The governor, who cast his ballot around 9:15 a.m, said the process was seamless and a clear departure from the old system whereby accreditation of voters supersedes actual voting. “My PVC was still recognised through BVAS and this is the same PVC I have been using since the beginning of this process. “One thing that has changed and I think this will save us time, you know we used to come between 8.00 a.m and 12.00 p.m for accreditation, then you go and come back for voting. “That process is now seamless; accreditation is done simultaneously with voting and I think that will save us time and increase turnout. “This is because the period spent by each voter has reduced; if BVAS works, that is one thing that has changed since our own last election in 2018,” he said. Fayemi also commended the turnout of voters, saying, “although it’s too early to give complete and final judgment on the process, going by my own experience in my own polling, it’s a very smooth exercise, our people are calm, the officers are dutiful.” Commenting, the Onisan of Isan-Ekiti, Oba Gabriel Adejuwon, also the Chairman of Ekiti State Traditional Council, described the voters’ turnout as unprecedented and very encouraging. Adejuwon said that the traditional council’s sensitisation and enlightenment prior to the election was yielding the desired results. He urged the voters to continue in the same spirit, even after the election, when the results would have been announced. The traditional council chairman, while commending INEC on the process adopted for the conduct of the election, said it was a big improvement over the past elections.