Traditional rulers and indigenes of the Oke-Ogun geo-political zone in Oyo State have declared that it is now the turn of the zone to produce the state governor and Oyo North Senatorial District Senator. They made this disclosure on Saturday while speaking during the Oke-Ogun Democracy Celebration 2022 themed “Effective Democratic Participation: Whither Oke-Ogun” which was held at Ago-Are City Town Hall and organised by Oke Ogun Assembly. Our correspondent reports that the event was attended by a member of the House of Representatives representing Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Iwajowa/Itesiwaju Federal Constituency, Hon. Shina Abiola Peller; Aare of Ofiki land, Oba Adeoye Oyetunji; Aare of Ago Are, Oba Michael Oyetunji Kofoworola’ Onjo of Okeho, Oba Rafiu Mustapha; Oniro of Otu, Oba Sunday Oyetunde Adepoju; former Chairman of Itesiwaju Local Government Area, Dr. Supo Olayode and other illustrious sons and daughters of the zone. DAILY POST gathered that Oke Ogun zone which has ten local government areas out of the 33 local government areas in Oyo State, has not produced a governor since the inception of the present democratic dispensation in 1999. It was gathered that four out of the five people who have ruled the state as governor are from Ibadan, while the fifth person is from Ogbomoso. Those who have ruled the state are Alhaji Lamidi Adesina, Ibadan (1999-2003), Senator Rasidi Adewolu Ladoja, Ibadan (2003-2007), Adebayo Alao-Akala, Ogbomoso (2007-2011), Abiola Ajimobi, Ibadan, (2011-2019) and Seyi Makinde, Ibadan (2019 till date). DAILY POST gathered that the zone has ten out of the 13 local government areas that make up of the present Oyo North Senatorial District. The current senator representing Oyo North, Dr. Abdulfatai Buhari is from Ogbomoso geo-political zone. The people of the zone among whom are traditional rulers, professionals, political gladiators, youths, women and community leaders have, however, said that it is their turn to produce both the governor and Oyo North senatorial district senator in 2023. Some of those who spoke during the event lamented that the zone has been marginalised. They alleged that the zone cannot continue to produce deputy governors, hence they should be given the opportunity to produce the governor. The participants at the programme while speaking further, added that they cannot continue to allow Ogbomoso which has three local government areas to produce Oyo North senator. The speakers maintained that they will only vote for the political party that gives Oyo North Senatorial District ticket to an indigene of the zone in 2023. Peller who spoke with journalists shortly after the programme, noted that it is time for people of the zone to stand up and fight for their right. The lawmaker added that Oke Ogun zone with 10 local government areas out of the thirteen local government areas that make up of Oyo North senatorial district cannot continue to be serving Ogbomoso zone which has just three local government areas. He urged the people of the region to join hands with themselves in order to liberate the region for the sake of equity, fairness and justice. Peller said, “We should be in the majority, we occupied over 60% of land in the state, which makes us the food basket of the state because most of our people are farmers. “It is high time for us to stand up and defend the integrity of our land and make sure that we put the region where it suppose to be politically, we can not have 10 local government and be serving three local government, this is the time to stand against it”.