The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has revealed that Osun State recorded the highest number of registered voters during the just concluded Continuous Voter Registration (CVR). This was made known by the Osun INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Professor Abdulganiy Olayinka Raji as he addressed the Osun State Council of Traditional Rulers in Osogbo on Thursday. Raji also revealed that the electoral umpire had added 573 new polling units to the already existing 3,010, bringing the total to 3,763 units. The Osun INEC boss explained that in order to make the Osun guber a successful exercise, the commission had been engaging with stakeholders and had established a good working relationship with the Inter Consultative Committee on Election Security. In his words, “I need to tell you that the Commission has found it so good with all the security agencies and they have assured us of their readiness to maintain peace in the state during the election. “We have engaged with the civil society organisations, youth groups, religious organisations on the need for all citizens to support peaceful election. We have also engaged with the political groups directly and through the Inter Party Advisory Committee which comprise the chairmen and secretaries of all the political parties.” While disclosing that Osun INEC had taken delivery of over 90% of the non-sensitive materials needed for the election, Raji stated that extensive sensitisation and voter education exercises had been embarked on. “Effective from the week, we are intensifying this effort. Our jingles on voter education ranging from the civic rights in election, election procedure, eschewing violence, vote buying and selling will be aired every six hours,” he said. He also revealed that the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) will be used in the Osun election due to its ability to reduce authentication process and monitoring of election in real time. In his response, the chairman of the Osun State Council for Traditional Rulers, Ooni Ife, Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi commended the Osun INEC REC and prayed for a successful Osun gubernatorial election.