The trial of Ignatius Uduk, a University of Uyo professor, was stalled on Monday as the defendant failed to appear before the High Court in Akwa Ibom State for opening of his defense due to ill health. Uduk is standing trial for alleged electoral fraud. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has dragged Uduk, a professor in the Department of Physical and Health Education, who was the Collation/Returning officer for 2019 Essien Udim State House of Assembly election to court over alleged abandonment of duties, publishing of false election result and lying on oath. The presiding Judge, Justice Bassey Nkanang, had on April 28, 2022 dismissed the “no-case-submission” filed by the defence counsel, ruling that he should open his defence today, Monday June 27, 2022. However, the defence counsel, Abasidiong Ekpenyong rather than opening defence, told the court that his client was absent on ground of ill health even as he presented a copy of medical report to the court. He, however, prayed the court to adjourn the case to enable his client recuperate. Counsel to INEC, Clement Onwuenwunor (SAN), never raised objection to the adjournment but only noted that he should have been informed about it earlier. Meanwhile, a copy of the medical report from the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, obtained by newsmen after the court proceedings, was dated 17th June, 2022 and signed by the Snr. Registrar, Dr. Akintunbo A. O. According to the medical report: “The above named person, who is a professor in the department of Physical and Health Education, University of Uyo, Nigeria is a known patient of the Urology Unit of this facility who presented on 26th May, 2022 with history of recurrent lower urinary tract symptoms. “On examination, he was diagnosed to have been suffering from Bladder Outlet Obstruction (stricture) Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (B. P.H). “Meanwhile, since he has been treated and yet to be discharged, he is gradually responding to treatment and will be observed in the hospital for the next three weeks. 22nd June 2022-13th July, 2022 and be placed on monthly appointment thereafter for clinic review. “He has since been placed on potent antibiotics and analgesics. He is currently on Cap Contiplo OD 0.4mg daily. He has been advised to stay away from strenuous activities to enhance quick recovery.” The case was adjourned to July 27th and 28th for defence.