Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Fiery Enugu Catholic Priest, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka has apologized and prayed for the Labour Party Presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi, after naming him a stingy man. Mbaka’s apology was contained in a statement he issued on Friday. 2. All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, has confirmed submitting running mate’s name to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). It was gathered that he submitted name of Kabiru Masari as a place-holder. 3. Bandits, on Thursday night, attacked some communities in Alkaleri Local Government Area of Bauchi State, killing four persons and leaving three others severely injured. It was gathered that the bandits attacked Tudun Wadan Jada, old Jamari, Sabuwa Garin Jauro Bano communities. 4. Bashir Sheriff Machina has kicked against the removal of his name on the list that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). On the list that the ruling party submitted to INEC, the name of Senate President Ahmad Lawan was listed as candidate of Yobe North Senatorial District in the 2023 elections. 5. Tears flowed freely on Friday at the funeral mass for the victims of the June 5th terror attack at the Saint Francis Catholic Church, Owaluwa, Owo, Ondo State. The State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN) could not hide his emotions during the event held at the Mydas Resort and Hotel, Owo. 6. The Ekiti State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday explained that it decided to postpone its mega rally for Saturday’s Governorship election to avoid clash with other political parties. Publicity Secretary of the Party, Mr. Raphael Adeyanju, said mega rally is a mere jamboree that never translates to votes. 7. The Supreme Court has affirmed the rights of female Muslim students in Lagos State to wear Hijab to school without harassment or discrimination. In a majority decision, Nigeria’s apex court gave the ruling on Friday in Abuja. 8. The Academic Staff Union of Universities has said its members are not beggars and the stoppage of their salaries by the government won’t force them to call off their strike. The leadership of the union also commended the members for keeping faith with the union despite the hardship imposed on their families as a result of the No-Work-No-Pay directive of the Federal Government. 9. The Kogi State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps has said seven people died and five were injured when two vehicles got involved in a head-on collision along the Lokoja-Abuja Expressway on Thursday. The FRSC Kogi Sector Commander, Stephen Dawulung, confirmed the incident in Lokoja on Friday. 10. Dr Doyin Okupe, the former Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo, on Friday, said he was the running mate of the Labour Party’s presidential candidate, Peter Obi. Okupe disclosed this in an interview on Friday.