Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Terrorists, on Saturday, reportedly released five male and six female abducted Abuja-Kaduna train victims. The Publisher of Desert Herald, Tukur Mamu, who served as a mediator, confirmed the development on Saturday. 2. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has deployed additional 209 voter enrollment machines to Lagos and Kano States, as well as the five south eastern States to ease congestion at the ongoing Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) centres. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, said this in a statement, on Saturday. 3. A Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Charles Kalu, has advised the party’s leadership and the presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, to pick the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, as running mate for the 2023 presidential election. 4. Barely eight days to the conduct of the Ekiti State governorship election, one person was reportedly shot dead by suspected political thugs during a clash between the supporters of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, and the Social Democratic Party on Saturday. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has revealed the personal torture he suffers on account of the security challenge in the country. Buhari, in a speech to mark Democracy Day, said he lives “daily with grief and agony for victims and prisoners of terrorism.” 6. The Lagos State Police Commissioner’s Special Squad has detained five policemen attached to singer, Damini Ogulu aka Burna Boy for attempted murder after they shot two fun seekers, Irebami Lawrence and another identified simply as Tolu, at Club Cubana in Lagos. Burna Boy had been declared wanted few years ago for allegedly sending armed thugs to assault and rob fellow musician, Abiye Jumbo, aka Mr. 2Kay. 7. Ex-Osun State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Kolapo Alimi, has defected to the Peoples Democratic Party. Upon defection, Alimi, it was learnt, has been appointed as the Deputy Director-General of Adeleke Campaign Organisation, the body charged with the responsibility of securing victory for the PDP candidate in the July 16 Osun governorship poll, Senator Ademola Adeleke. 8. Some yet-to-be-identified gunmen terrorising Anambra State have reportedly killed a youth leader of the ruling party in the State, the All Progressives Grand Alliance. According to sources, the youth leader identified as Emeka Alaehobi was kidnapped from his home in Ukpor, Nnewi South Local Government Area of the State two days ago. 9. Gunmen on Friday night attacked residents of Kuru in Jos South Local Government Area of Plateau State, killing one and injuring three others. The deceased is said to be a student of Science Secondary School, Kuru. 10. Crisis continues to rock the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Benue State as one of the governorship aspirants, Senator Barnabas Gemade, has maintained that the party failed to hold gubernatorial primary election as stipulated by the guidelines, insisting that he has no hand in the suit of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, over the matter and would not be blackmailed by the enemies of APC.