The lawmaker representing Ado-Odo/Ota Federal Constituency, Hon. Jimoh Ojugbele, has headed to court, claiming that he was the winner of the primary election conducted by the All Progressives Congress (APC) on May 27. DAILY POST reports that the APC had submitted the name of Hon. Tunji Akinosi to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as the candidate of the party in Ado-Odo/Ota Federal Constituency. Dissatisfied, the incumbent lawmaker proceeded to an Abeokuta Federal High Court, seeking an ex parte order to restrain the APC and its agents from submitting Akinosi’s name as the candidate of the party in Ado-Odo/Ota, pending the final determination of his motion on notice. Aside from the APC, Ojugbele also dragged the INEC and Akinosi before the court, seeking an interim order restraining the electoral umpire and its agents from accepting Akinosi’s name as the candidate of the APC in Ado-Odo Ota until the suit is determined. It is also his prayer that the court should grant an interim injunction to abridge the time within which each of the defendants should file their responses to the originating process, from 30 days to seven days. DAILY POST reports that the suit marked FHC/AB/CS/94/22, was filed on June 15, 2022. In his affidavit in support of the motion deposed by Yomi Olojeloju, Ojugbele had argued that he won the primary election conducted by the National Working Committee of the APC at Alamuwa Grammar School, Ado Odo on May 27, 2022. According to him, the shadow election was monitored by officials of the INEC and other agents of the parties. While saying there was an attempt by some disgruntled elements and street urchins, allegedly sponsored by other aspirants, to disrupt the primary, Ojugbele maintained that the election was concluded and he was declared winner with 41 votes. The House of Representatives member claimed that the assigned returning officer, Tunji Ibitokun, issued him a result sheet, which indicated that Akinosi scored just two of the 43 accredited delegates’ votes. “The score as declared by the returning officer was inputted into the result sheet and same was duly signed by the returning officer, a copy of which was given to aspirants present at the center and that signified the end of the exercise,” he said. The lawmaker said that a rerun election was later conducted 48 hours after he had been declared winner, saying the rerun was a nullity as it was conducted by “unauthorised persons” and without the presence of the APC NWC, INEC officials and other agents. “We most humbly submit that our client was not heard neither was he given an opportunity to defend the election of 27th of May, 2022 before the purported re-run was birthed by interlopers who are ordinarily not saddled with the responsibility to do so. “We most respectively submit that the election of 29th of May, 2022 which was not monitored by officers of the INEC is a clear violation of the extant law and same amounts to a Nullity. “No Aspirant had challenged the outcome of the Election conducted on the 27th May, 2022 and therefore there was no basis to conduct a fresh election, a re-run election or any other election in any guise,” Ojugbele’s counsel said.