An Ekiti State High Court, sitting in Ado Ekiti has discharged and acquitted three armed robbery suspects after three years of incarceration. Bulus Prince (26), Michael Joshua (30) and Paul Mike (29) were freed from prison by Justice Bamidele Omotoso after finding the suspects not guilty of conspiracy and armed robbery. The three defendants were in 2018 charged on three counts of conspiracy and armed robbery. Their charge had read, ”that you Bulus Prince, Michael Joshua and Paul Mike, on the 11th day of December 2018 around Yemraf Area, Adebayo Estate, Ado Ekiti, within the jurisdiction of the court, did conspire to commit armed robbery, while armed with offensive weapons, robbed one Ibrahim Romoke of the sum of N45, 700 and her phone and also robbed Durojaye Nike on 28th December 2018 of the sum of N260, 150. ”The offences violate section 516, 402 (a), (b) of the Criminal Code Law, Cap C16 Laws of Ekiti State, 2012. In her statement, one of the victims, Ibrahim Ronke said, ”I had closed for the day in my shop around 10:00pm and about to lock the door, I saw one of the defendants who pretended to be a customer when he drew near me, he pointed a gun at me and we entered my shop, he demanded money, I begged him that I don’t have money but he saw my handbag where it was, he searched it and took all my sales for the day, N45,700 and my handset. ”When I was about to raise an alarm, they joined a waiting motorcycle and ran towards the Federal Housing Estate area, I later reported the matter at Oke Ila Police station, she concluded. To prove his case, the prosecutor, Julius Ajibare called five witnesses and tendered the victims’ and defendant’s statements as exhibits. The defendants, however, spoke in their own defence through their counsel, Adeyinka Opaleke, State Coordinator, Legal Aid Council, they called no witness but denied having committed the offence of conspiracy and armed robbery as alleged, we only go there to drink beer before we were arrested by officers of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, they concluded. In his judgment, Justice Bamidele Omotoso said, the prosecution had failed to establish the three ingredients of the offence of armed robbery against the defendants, I also hold that the prosecution has failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt the offences of conspiracy and armed robbery against the defendants. Finally, I resolved the sole issues in this case against the prosecution in favour of the defendants. The defendants are hereby discharged and acquitted of the offences of conspiracy and armed robbery.