The Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, says the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) is set to conduct a world-class presidential election. DAILY POST reports that the party is currently in the process of electing a candidate who would fly its flag in the forthcoming 2023 presidential election. The convention, which was scheduled for June 6, 7 is currently ongoing at the Eagles Square Abuja. Abiodun, who is the Chairman, Accreditation and Decoration Committee of the convention, spoke with newsmen on Monday shortly after inspecting the International Conference Centre, Abuja, venue for accreditation of delegates. According to the governor, all things have been put in place for the success of the event. He stated that the committee, which is made up of deputy governors, members of the National Assembly and eminent party faithful, are currently working round the clock to ensure a hitch-free presidential primary election. “The National Working Committee of our party constituted committees for this election and we are serving in the accreditation committee for this election, which is the most important for the election. We are charged with the responsibility for ensuring that only those who are validly elected delegates are allowed to go to the Eagles Square to vote. “We are not working as an island; we are working in cooperation and collaboration with other committees, including the security Committee. The International Conference Centre will be the venue for accrediting the delegates who were elected from various states. We have other centres where we will accredit all non-delegates who will not be voting but will attend the convention.” Abiodun, however, noted that the convention would be different as everyone attending the convention must wear a tag that would have security features such as codes which could be read by a device. “Everyone going into the Eagle Square will be accredited. This will give us the idea of those that will be delegates and those that are just attending the exercise”, he explained.