Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Catholic Priest, Rev. Father Odia, who was abducted by gunmen early hours of Sunday in Edo State has been killed by the abductors. He was kidnapped at Ikabigbo community of Etsako West local government of the State while on his way to church. 2. Anambra State Police operatives on Sunday killed a man, acting as driver to criminals during an operation at Uli, Ihiala Local Government Area of the State. A press release by Anambra State Police command’s spokesperson, DSP Toochukwu Ikenga, said gang members escaped during a confrontation with security forces, leaving the driver of their operational vehicle, who was killed by the operatives. 3. Former member of the House of Representatives, Abdulmumin Jibrin, yesterday, ruled out speculations that the presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, Rabiu Kwankwaso will be a running mate to his Labour Party counterpart, Peter Obi. Jibrin stated this on Sunday during an interview. 4. The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu has said he is still searching for his running mate ahead of the 2023 elections. Tinubu disclosed this while speaking at an event held to mark the 60th birthday celebration of the Speaker of the House of Representative, Femi Gbajambiamila in Abuja on Sunday. 5. The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) in a statement, yesterday, raised the alarm that some staff of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) are denying some Muslims the right to register for Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) in some south western States. 6. The Kogi State Government, on Sunday, confirmed the killing of two kidnappers and the rescue of victims by hunters in the State. This was contained in a statement by the Special Assistant on Media to Okehi Local Government Chairman, King Habib. 7. The Federal Government has commenced the implementation of the N10 per litre sugar tax on carbonated sugar drinks and beverages. According to the Chief Superintendent of Customs, Department of Excise, Free Trade Zone and Industrial Incentives, Dennis Ituma, the tax would help combat Non-communicable Diseases (NCDs). 8. Ukpo Nwamini David, the kidney donor in the trial of Ike Ekweremadu, former deputy Senate president, is actually 21 years old not 15, the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), has said. Amos Okpu, the NIS spokesperson, made this known in a statement on Sunday. 9. A 30-year-old man, Ebube Oba, has allegedly murdered a mother of two, Uzoamaka Ekpe, after an argument. The incident happened on Saturday at Ugochukwu Lane, Nkpor Agu, Ogidi, in the Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State. 10. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has charged stakeholders in the Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) sub-sector, popularly called cooking gas, to ensure that they put Nigeria’s interest first. Obasanjo made the plea at 2nd West Africa LPG Expo and Nigerian Liquefied Petroleum Association (NLPGA) Summit 2022 held in Lagos at the weekend.