The Osun State Commissioner of Police, Olawale Olokode has assured that investigation to unravel the circumstances surrounding the alleged shooting of Toba Adedeji, The Nation Newspaper reporter was ongoing. Olokode also promised to make the outcome of the matter public immediately it is rounded up. The Osun Police boss made this known in a press statement signed by Yemisi Opalola and made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday. Olokode who urged the members of the public to believe in the Police, asked residents of the state to allow justice to take its course. Olokode explained that the journalist is alive, hale and hearty adding that immediately after he received news of the shooting and after he had been treated and discharged, he and his team paid the victim a visit at his home. Meanwhile, the Osun Civil Societies Coalition has called for the removal of Olawale Olokode, the Osun Commissioner of Police. The Chairman of the OCSC, Comrade Waheed Lawal, who in a press statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday, accused Olokode of inability to manage policemen under him said the police in Osun have not learnt from the #EndSARS protest. The OCSC boss said Olokode has demonstrated incompetence in the management of security of lives and property of the people of the state, with total disregard to the fundamental human rights of the people. Lawal said police brutality, harassment and intimidation of innocent citizens of Osun State by the Police have continued unabated. “After the last #EndSARS protest across Nigeria in which Osun State was actively involved, police brutality, intimidation, harassment of innocent citizens and extrajudicial killings have continued unabated in Osun. “As of today, we have a record of about five persons killed extra-judicially by the Police under the leadership of CP Wale Olokode. “Today, the men of the Nigeria Police Force in Osun State are at it again, as they shot a journalist, Mr. Toba Adedeji, a correspondent of The Nation Newspaper, alongside a primary school pupil whose name is yet to be known, in Osogbo this afternoon. “The two innocent people were shot at a rally held by some people who were protesting the killing of a young man, Abiola Afolabi by the police. Abiola Afolabi was shot dead by the police on April 4, 2022. He was buried today. “As if that is not enough, the police went ahead to arrest another journalist, Fatai Akanji, for performing his lawful duty. “We condemn the action of the police and the lackadaisical attitude of the Commissioner of Police, Mr Wale Olokode, who appeared helpless on the misconduct of his men. “The Commissioner of police and his men have demonstrated enough total disregard to the fundamental human rights of the people of the state.” Lawal while asking the Inspector of Police to redeploy Olokode from Osun added that after 24 hours if the police do not meet their demand, the CSOs shall mobilise the public and commence actions against the Nigerian police. Toba Adedeji was shot on the thigh by policemen on Tuesday at Olaiya junction, Osogbo while covering a peaceful protest.