An Ekiti State High Court sitting in Ado Ekiti has sentenced one Akinleye Seyi, 32 to death by hanging for armed robbery. Akinleye Seyi (a.k.a. Erin(Elephant) was charged and arraigned before Justice Adekunle Adeleye on a six-count charge bordering on armed robbery. According to the charge, the convict and other two members of his gang, now dead, before their arraignment due to injuries sustained during a gun duel with the police, on the 16th day of September, 2019 at Olorunda Central, Olorunda Zone 1, zone 3 and High Dee Estate, all in Ado Ekiti Judicial Division did rob the following people, Babalola Iyabode, Babalola Samson, Solomon Obey, Ogungbemi Taiwo, Innocent Philip and Adegoke Tolulope, and carted away their properties worth over one Million naira including recharge cards, phones, laptop computers, laptop bags, I.D. Cards, unspecified amount of money, cash sum of N86, 850 etc. As at the time of the robbery, they were armed with gun, cutlasses and other dangerous weapons, contrary to Section 1(2) (a) of the Robbery and Firearms (Special Provisions) Act, Cap R11, Vol. 14, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004. In her evidence before the court, one of the victims said, “I was sleeping in my room around 2:30 a.m., suddenly, I saw flashes from torchlight, flashing me on the bed and heard another voice saying “open the door, we are thieves, we are around, open the door’’, I was afraid and ran to my son’s room, we started hearing heavy bangs on the door, we decided to open the door for them, they were three in number, one of them held a gun and the other two held cutlasses, we were ordered to kneel down and remain quiet, they collected our phones, laptops, unspecified amount of money and carted away drinks inside our freezer, they instructed us not to say anything or else they will kill us because we were still going to other flats, we later reported the incident at Oke-Ila Police Station the next morning,” she concluded. To prove his case, the prosecutor, Barrister Julius Ajibare called five witnesses and tendered statements of the convict, two laptop computers, single barrel gun, one live and expended cartridges, search warrant among others as exhibits. The convict spoke through his counsel, Timilehin Omotoso, he called no witness. In his pronouncement, Justice Adekunle Adeleye said, from the evidence placed before this court, the witnesses properly linked the defendant with the other suspects now at large, as well as those reported dead to the commission of the offence of armed robbery. “On the whole, I have no doubt that the prosecution has established essential elements of the offence of armed robbery with which the defendant is charged which is contrary to the provisions of Section 1(2)(a) of the Robbery and Firearms (Special Provisions) Act, Cap R11, Vol. 14, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004. “The defendant is found guilty as charged in counts 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, he is hereby sentenced to death by hanging,” the judge ruled.