“Liberty cannot be preserved without a general knowledge among the people, who have a right … and a desire to know.” —John Adams, 1765 “Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.” —John Adams It is now evidently clear that the position of the Presidential Candidates of the major national political parties are now for the highest bidders just as the contestation for that plumb position is no longer for the faint hearted. But if this is bad news, just wait for more bad news. Do you know that in today’s The Guardian Newspaper of Nigeria, we are educated that eggs which are the nearest available forms of malnutrition for the millions of commoners are now costed above what you and I the commoners can afford? Imagine that years back, growing up in Kafanchan of the 80’s, my late Dad Mazi Osonduagwuike Okorieocha Onwubiko would tell us that Children shouldn’t get used to eating eggs because we will grow up becoming ostentatious. He did that to save the costs of living for us. Then, eggs were as cheap as anything you can possibly contemplate. Now the story is different because a crate of eggs now is not less than #2,500 and mind you the national minimum wage per month is #18,000 and most of the 36 states of the federation are not even paying this coupled with the fact that only less than 10% of Nigerians are gainfully employed in the public sector. Whereas becoming the President of Nigeria is an illusion for an average commoner, buying eggs to remain healthy is also another illusion now. But just wait for another illusion. Now what politicians are doing is that they are railroading their kids into public offices using public funds to buy them party tickets. How Sons Of CJN Clinched PDP, APC Tickets For National Assembly Contest is one annoying headline in one of the foremost newspapers in Abuja. Two sons of the Chief Judge of the Federation Justice Ibrahim Tanko have clinched National Assembly tickets for the 2023 elections, reports the media. One of the sons, they report, Siraj Ibrahim Tanko by name, won the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket for Bauchi North Senatorial seat. He defeated two other contestants, including the incumbent Senator representing the constituency, Senator Adamu Bulkachuwa. While Siraj polled 189 votes, Imba, his closest rival secured 177 votes while Bulkachuwa did not get a single vote. The other son of the CJN, Sani Ibrahim Tanko, won the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Primary election in Shira Giafe Federal Constituency of the House of Representatives. Unlike his brother, he was elected unopposed. Delta governor Ifeanyi Okowa got a legislator’s seat for his young daughter who had barely left school so she can be elected next year into the state Assembly. Former Governors James Ibori and Emmanuel Uduaghan funded the campaigns of their daughters but Ibori’s was luckier than Uduaghan’s who lost narrowly. Senator Ifeanyi Ararume wanted his Son to go to Senate in Imo but he lost the primary of the PDP whereas himself is a chieftain of the APC. Alhaji Sule Lamido former governor of Jigawa got two of his Sons to win the governorship and House of Representatives whilst himself got the Senate’s ticket. In Kano State, Ganduje got his Son to win ticket to House of Representatives thus defeating the incumbent but Governor Ganduje only managed to step down for another prominent member of his APC to stave off rebellion following the emergence of the New Nigerian People’s Party which is sweeping Kano State like wild fire. We will return back to the extreme CASHTIZATION or MONETIZATION of the position of the candidacy of President as imposed by both the APC and the PDP. The truth is that the process of monetizing the candidacy of the mainstream political parties began with the fixing of the extremely expensive fees to obtain the expression of interest form and the presidential nomination form. Whereas the major opposition political party People Democratic party (PDP) pegged their fees at Forty-five million for the office of president, the ruling All Progressives Congress did the unthinkable by making the asking price of theirs to cost one hundred million Naira. It will cost you #50 million in APC to begin your dream journey to becoming governor. Another financial burden imposed on the aspirants wanting to become the president of Nigeria is that of obtaining the signatures of 36 national delegates to the National Convention meaning that for instance in the APC a presidential aspirants must travel all over Nigeria to be able to collect 36 signatures meaning one each from every state of the federation. The major component of the costs of becoming the official candidate of the major political parties is with the process of procuring the required majority of the accredited national delegates who enjoy the voting rights at the National Convention of the political parties with the sole jurisdiction of producing the official flag bearers of the political. It is during this convention that the highest bidder emerges the eventual winner. The people’s Democratic Party has just rounded up their National Convention in Abuja during which time it was said that aspirants to the office of president had to pay high prices in terms of bribes just to get the endorsement of the highest number of delegates so as to emerge as the winner. It was said that each of the delegates to the PDP’s National Convention picked up $35,000 USD for each vote they cast. Some however were bribed with fake dollars. It even got to a point that operatives of the economic and financial crimes Commission (EFCC) invaded the national stadium in Abuja which was the venue for the convention just so they can catch up with the bribery and financial inducements that became the order of the day. Comically, the EFCC arrived at the stadium pretending to have gone to arrest the bribe givers and takers but in actual fact, bribing the delegates is a business that take place in the dark and away from the venue of the convention. Even the parties published in their tweeter accounts encouraging aspirants to subsidise the logistical costs of delegates who would travel to Abuja for the big feast and cash bazaar. That of PDP has happened and virtually all the hotels were taken over and even fuel stations were taken over by aspirants for the benefits of their delegates. In other words, the anti corruption agents simply embarked on a wild goose chase because what their adventure in that venue of the convention shows is that either that the operatives lack the requisite intelligence to trail the bribe givers and takers or that they simply wanted to entertain the audience and to create the impressions of an institution that is keeping up with its mandate. We the commoners know it’s a game of the rich, by the rich and for the rich and no longer the government of the people, by the people and for the people. The implication of the monetization of the process of primary election, is not only that the position of the president of Nigeria will now become only vacant for money bags but what the new trend portends to the survival of constitutional democracy are multi dimensional and primarily, those who have invested in the process that leads up to the emergence of the presidential candidate are just like shares shareholders whose only interest in the entire business is to maximize profits. Also those who are elected will first of all work around the clock so to be able to recoup their investments made now in Pounds/dollar denominated currencies and also to make profit in terms of Naira, dollars and pounds and then the only victims of this crime scene called party primary election is the people of Nigeria who will in no way receive the services that they very much crave after from their so called rulers or better still oppressors in Nigeria and the commoners will contend further with the emerging dictatorship of children of dictators who are being railroaded into public offices at our public costs. This is because, the process that produced the presidential, governorship national and state Assembly candidates is transactional. Ironically, the International Monetary Fund has further told us that by the time the next government is rigged into office, there will be no funds for infrastructural projects but the entire revenues will go into servicing the trillions of loans already collected by President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration and swallowed by their appointees. So 2023 is DOUBLE WAHALA FOR DEAD BODY AND THE OWNER OF DEAD BODY AS DEAD BODY DON GET ACCIDENT, Says Fela, the irrepressible Icon. EMMANUEL ONWUBIKO is head of the HUMAN RIGHTS WRITERS ASSOCIATION OF NIGERIA and was NATIONAL COMMISSIONER of the NATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION OF NIGERIA.