A member of the House of Representatives representing Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Kajola/Iwajowa Federal Constituency, Honourable Shina Abiola Peller, has left the All Progressives Congress (APC). Peller, who is an indigene of Iseyin in Oke Ogun geo-political zone in Oyo State, made this announcement via a letter addressed to the Chairman of his ward. Our correspondent recalls that Peller was elected on the platform of APC in 2019. He was one of the aspirants who vied for Oyo North Senatorial District seat on the platform of APC in the recent primary election. The lawmaker has however renounced his membership of APC. Peller, in the letter he personally signed and addressed to APC Ward 9 chairman, Koso in Iseyin Local Government Area, insisted that he took the decision after due consultation with his people. The lawmaker said that undemocratic conduct of some party chieftains particularly in Oyo State has shown that the people from the grassroots and the youth will continue to be at the mercy of the few at the top. He alleged that some people within the party imposed their preferred candidate against the wish of the people. He maintained that he left the APC because his people have asked him to do so. He explained further that he decided to join politics not for selfish reason but the overall interest of Nigerian youths and the people of Oke Ogun. He said, “I write to formally inform you of the renouncement of my membership from the All Progressives Congress (APC). “I took this decision after due consultation with my people from the Oke Ogun region and beyond who feel humiliated by the undemocratic acts and decisions of some gladiators within Oyo State APC. “President Muhammadu Buhari preached bottom-to-top approach driven APC, but the undemocratic conduct of some party chieftains particularly in Oyo State has shown that the people from the grassroots and the youth will continue to be at the mercy of the few at the top, who impose their preferred candidate against the wish of the people, as recently witnessed in Oyo North Senatorial District where I belong. “My people have therefore decided that we withdraw our membership of the APC, and I totally align with them as I delved into politics not for selfish reason but the overall interest of Nigerian youths and the people of Oke Ogun. So. I hereby renounce my membership of the APC”.