Some aggrieved elders and youths in Potiskum Local Government Area of Yobe State have cried out over alleged move by some All Progressives Congress, APC, Executive members to substitute the winner of the party’s primary election for House of Assembly seat in the area. One of the elders, Abdullahi Tsula in an interview with newsmen, said all delegates of Potiskum Central and the entire people of the constituency were amazed to hear that a parallel House of Assembly primary election was held in Damaturu, the Yobe State capital. “We had a successful Potiskum Central House of Assembly primary election at the community town hall on Thursday, 26th of May, 2022, where three aspirants, Ahmed Adamu (aka Sarkin Ado), Fatsuma Umaru Bubaram and Dauda Zamani keenly contested. “During the primaries, Ahmed Adamu (aka Sarkin Ado) won with 24 out of 35 votes, while the remaining aspirants scored one vote each, with some invalid votes. “All INEC officials, security personnel and other critical stakeholders were present at the venue and have all signed the result sheet”, Tsula said. Another APC leader from the areaa, Haruna Chinaka claimed that, “It is quite unbelievable that the people’s choice Ahmed Adamu (aka Sarkin Ado) will be substituted with one Bar. Ahmed Kalil, who to my knowledge, did not participate in the House of Assembly primary election held in Potiskum”. One of the youths from the constituency, Shuaibu Guza vowed that the youth in the area will resist any attempt to impose unpopular candidate against their will. However, Alhaji Bala Musa Lawan, APC Chairman Potiskum Local Government, while reacting to the allegations said, “To my knowledge, the candidate for Potiskum central is Barr. Ahmed Kalil and there was nothing like primary election for that position on Thursday, 26th May in Potiskum as they claimed”. He added that, “The insinuation was false because what happened at the Potiskum conference hall was the affirmation of the member for Mamudo constituency not for Potiskum central”.