The Kaduna State Police Command said the operatives of the Special Tactical Squad Force Headquarters (STS), Abuja and Operation Yaki Kaduna State Police Command killed four bandits and arrested a female accomplice. According to a statement by the Command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Mohammed Jalige, the female accomplice helps the bandits by supplying them arms and ammunition. According to the statement, the arrest, killing of the bandits took place on June 15, 2022, at about 6:50 am. He said the security operatives who were on the trail of the armed bandits, intercepted their target along Saminaka-Jos expressway in a blue Sharon vehicle driven by one James Dawi, 31, of Vom town, Jos South LGA Plateau State. He further added that the suspects who were on a mission to deliver arms and ammunition to their cohorts, having discovered that the operatives were trailing them, engaged them in sporadic gunfire. He said the operatives with tactical precision were able to terminally injure four suspects. The injured suspects were evacuated to Barau Dikko Teaching Hospital Kaduna where they were pronounced dead by a medical doctor. “The encounter lasted about 30 minutes, just as the firepower of the police forced them to retreat into the forest with bullet wounds.” He said when a search was conducted in the vehicle and around the vicinity the following exhibits were recovered, one Ak49 rifle loaded with six rounds of live ammunition 2 AK-47 rifle 3 one empty magazine 4 one hundred and thirty-four rounds of different calibres of live ammunition and 5 operational motor vehicles. He added that the operation led to the arrest of a female accomplice who during the course of investigation confessed to be supplying arms and ammunition to bandits within Kaduna State. He said discreet investigation into the case has been instituted with a view to unravelling the identities of other criminal gangs as well as finding the source of these dangerous weapons in order to avert future occurrences and make the criminals face the full wrath of the law. He said the Commissioner of Police, Kaduna Command, CP Yekinin A. Ayoku, has applauded this clinically-executed intelligence-led tactical operation that has occasioned this breakthrough. “He has, therefore, assured the good people of Kaduna State that the command will be unrelenting under direction of the Inspector General of Police, robust support from the state government and active synergy with other security agencies in the fight against the enemies of our collective security,” he said. He equally called on members of the public to continue to support the Police with useful information about all and sundry criminal activities as Police under his watch would promptly treat such information with dispatch and absolute confidentiality.