The Fellowship of Churches of Christ in Nigeria popularly known as (TEKAN) whose churches are spread across the country has warned political parties against fielding Muslim-Muslim or Christian-Christian candidates ahead of the 2023 presidential election. TEKAN said as a fellowship, it condemns any such plans, stressing that the nation’s diversity and religious sensitivity at the moment cannot allow for such a proposal. In a press statement signed by its President, Rev. Caleb Ahima and General Secretary Very Rev. Moses Ebuga, the church urged political parties to consider both religions in making their choices. It reads: “The Fellowship wishes to add her voice on the agitation going on for Muslim-Muslim or Christian-Christian ticket in the country. “As a fellowship, we stand to condemn such calls and stress that the diversity of our country and the religious sensitivity in the country at this material time cannot allow for such proposal, hence the need to consider both religions in our choice-making for the leadership of our country. “TEKAN as a Fellowship is calling on all Christians in Nigeria to reject any political party that is calling for Muslim-Muslim or Christian-Christian ticket. “The Fellowship is also worried about the level of religious intolerance exhibited by the Kaduna State government, over the recent demolition of a Christian worship centre in the State University. “The government selected the Church for demolition, while about three mosques within the school are not affected, such an act by the Governor is only a confirmation of his hatred towards the Christian religion”, TEKAN maintained. On the recent primary elections conducted by various political parties, TEKAN said, “We decry the high level of financial inducement during the electoral processes. We call on INEC, the electoral umpire to do the needful, not to peg our democracy for the highest bidder. “We also appeal to EFCC to intervene and arrest all those involved in the inducement of delegates. We must stand for the credible candidates irrespective of their financial status”, it maintained.