Daniel Kadzai, former National President, Youth Wing of CAN (YOWICAN) and Co-Chairman, Interfaith Coalition Conference, has noted that one of the major challenges facing the country is that of lack of equity and fairness. According to him, Nigeria is fast drifting and well-meaning citizens can no longer fold their hands and allow the country to derail, adding that Nigerians must save this nation from collapse Kadzai said this while addressing the press conference tagged ‘Handshake of Faith in Search for Peace’ held in Abuja on Thursday. The press conference was centred on the choice of running mates by some presidential candidates. The coalition wonders why some candidates are contemplating running a Muslim-Muslim or Christian-Christian ticket. Particularly, the coalition said it would be in best interest of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and its candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to pick a Christian from the North as his running mate. “We need to manage our diversity and chart the way forward for peace. Politics is not about acrimony or fighting, politics is about choice of credible people who can represent this nation,” Kadzai said. “We should look towards getting a leader that can manage our diversity. We are looking forward to an inclusive nation. We are in a political dispensation and the transition process has started and we need to bring our people together. “We are tired of the killings and kidnappings going on in the country. We can’t continue this, the government should review the security architecture. We need leaders that will take responsibility. “We have credible people in all the tribes and religion, this issue of Muslim/Muslim ticket or Christian /Christian ticket by some political parties should be reviewed, you cannot come and fly such an agenda, political parties shouldn’t create problems for us in this country. “If for any reason we want to have a peaceful political process, why did the APC not pick a northern Christian as the Vice presidential candidate and why did the Labour party not pick a northern Muslim to balance the whole process. “Our problem is this country is managing our cultural and religious diversities in order to have a balanced political process. Also speaking at the Press Conference, former federal lawmaker and former Chairman Senate committees on Security & Intelligence, Foreign Affairs, said that leadership should be anchored on the basis of equity, justice and fairness. The former Borrno South lawmaker noted that what is on ground today is that parties have conducted their primaries and selected their flag bearers. He said a Northern Christian should be picked as running mate for the APC presidential candidate, adding, “Let me say without any fear that I have no relationship with Lalong but I am saying[he should be picked] because of fairness, equity and Justice. “Bola Tinubu, the APC presidential flag bearer is my friend, he won the ticket. Rotomi Amaechi came up the second runner up during the APC primaries, if Governor Lalong supported Ameachi, in fact they shouldn’t have left the Eagle square before announcing Lalong as Tinubu’s running mate. “If you put the two camps together you have a united force to win the 2023 elections. I am an advocate of fairness, equity, fairness and Justice.”