Confusion has broken out over the real winner of the All Progressives Congress, APC, primary election for the Federal House of Representatives seat for Ekiti/Oke-Ero/Irepodun/Osi Constituency in the Kwara South Senatorial District. DAILY POST reports that following the last primary election exercise held on May 27, 2022, at Omu-Aran, Cornelius Oluwasegun Adebayo, son of a one-time Kwara civilian governor, was declared winner. However, a rerun election was reportedly held at Omu-Aran, on Friday, 10,2022, where Rajeem Tunji Olawuyi Ajuloopin also emerged winner for the same seat. Ajuloopin had earlier been defeated at the Kwara South Senatorial District primary election by a serving Senator, Lola Ashiru in the last primary election of the party. Reacting to the development, Adebayo condemned what he described as a ” kangaroo rerun election, saying it is null and void and cannot stand the test of time” He asked his supporters to be calm and assured them that justice shall be done following the purported re-run election held at Omu-Aran earlier Friday. Addressing newsmen in Ilorin Friday, Adebayo’s media team leader, Emmanuel Moronfoye recalled that Adebayo clearly won the original primary election which was held on the 27th of May, 2022 at Omu-Aran. “It came as a rude shock to Engr. Adebayo and his supporters that another rerun was being conducted for the Ekiti/Oke-Ero/Irepodun/Isin constituency Federal House of Representatives seat, with the inclusion of an aspirant who had never participated in the initial process. “It is worthy of note that Hon Raheem Tunji Olawuyi (Ajulo-Opin) contested for the APC Kwara South senatorial district primary election and lost to Sen. Lola Ashiru. “Also, it is pertinent to state that Hon. Tunji Raheem Ajulo-Opin didn’t by any means whatsoever contest for the Federal House of Representatives seat of the Ekiti/Oke-Ero/Irepodun/Isin Federal Constituency.” Moronfoye disclosed that Ajuloopin, “didn’t partake in the screening for the House of Representatives seat, he didn’t make it to the ballot for the original primary election for the Federal House of Representatives seat and in a similar vein, there isn’t any evidence whatsoever to show that he bought a nomination form for the Federal Representative seat, except if he fraudulently connived with the so-called “cabal” to get the nomination form.” The spokesman argued that “it is important to note that there is no valid ground for the schedule of the purported re-run primary election, as there wasn’t any protest or valid complaint against the initial primary election, as the result was widely accepted by all. “The purported re-run election was not communicated to Engr Cornelius Oluwasegun Adebayo and the reason for the cancellation of the only valid election is still unknown,” he added. In a related development, the Igbomina Ekiti APC Women Forum has thrown its weight behind the national headquarters of the party for the cancellation of the May 27, 2/22 primary election in the Federal Constituency. A statement by the Coordinator of the group, Mrs Dorcas Atoyebi, in Osi, Ekiti local government area of Kwara State, thanked the national headquarters for its decision to reconduct the primary election in the Federal Constituency in the spirit of fairness and justice. She explained that following a petition by some aspirants in the election, to the appeal committee on irregularities noticed at the initial primary election, the national headquarters informed the state and sent officials to reconduct the Ekiti, Oke-Ero, Irepodun, Isin Federal House of Representatives seat, alongside that of other states.