Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed has charged the citizens of the state to join hands with security agencies by being proactive to ensure that banditry does not take place in the state. Governor Mohammed, who made the call on Saturday was in the company of the state Commissioner of Police, Umar Sanda, and top government officials, gave the advice at Sabon Gida Jada in Alkaleri Local Government Area on Saturday, when he paid a sympathy visit to the community, following a deadly attack by bandits. He expressed concern that if left unchecked, the relative peace being enjoyed in the state would collapse as bandits appear to be emboldened in their onslaught on several parts of the country. DAILY POST recalls that no fewer than four people were killed and several others sustained various degrees of injury when the bandits attacked communities in Alkaleri. A few days after the incident in Alkaleri, bandits kidnapped a village head and his son in a community in Toro local government. The governor admitted that these recent attacks by bandits in the hitherto peaceful state were becoming rampant and charged citizens to be on the alert. He said the security agencies cannot defeat bandits alone without the support of the locals. He called on residents to join hands with security agencies in the fight against criminals. Governor Mohammed promised to strengthen relations between communities and the security agencies, particularly the police, in order to further maintain the hitherto peace enjoyed in the state. He also sympathised with the residents of Sabon Gari Jada over the killing of Maryam Mohammed, who was killed while preventing the bandits from killing her son. He charged the police to promptly respond to distress calls and information made by residents to forestall future reoccurrence. Earlier, the Chairman of Alkaleri Local Government Area, Yusuf Garba, disclosed that the bandits infiltrated communities in the area through border neighbouring communities in Plateau and Taraba states. Garba thanked the Governor for the visit and urged residents to stay safe. The CP, while speaking, appealed to residents to always provide the police with information that would help in addressing crime.