The National Working of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has recognised Hon. Ladi Adebutu as the duly elected governorship candidate of the party in Ogun State. This was as the party presented a certificate of return to Adebutu on Tuesday, thereby laying to rest, controversies surrounding who is the authentic candidate of the PDP in Ogun. DAILY POST recalls that Adebutu won the primary election of the PDP held at the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library, Abeokuta, on May 25. Same day, another aspirant, Segun Showunmi, had earlier held a primary at the NUJ Secretariat, Iwe Iroyin, Abeokuta, where he claimed to have emerged as the winner. However, the presentation of the certificate or return to Adebutu by the PDP National Chairman, Senator Iyorchia Ayu, indicates that the former House Representatives member has been confirmed as the one to fly the flag on the party come 2023. While presenting the certificate at the National Secretariat of the party in Abuja, Ayu appreciated all the candidates of the party and other aspirants for their good conduct that led to peaceful primaries across the country. The Chairman commended Adebutu, urging all party faithful to join forces and work towards the party’s victory at all levels, saying “We have one major concern which is to take over government from the APC and provide good governance.” Meanwhile, the Media Director of Ladi Adebutu Campaign Organization, Afolabi Orekoya, told DAILY POST that the presentation of the party’s flag and certificate of return to Adebutu will permanently put an end to all sorts of controversies over the party’s governorship primary election in Ogun State. He appealed to other aspirants to join hands with Adebutu so as to take over the government from the APC in Ogun State. Orekoya maintained that Adebutu’s emergence as the PDP candidate in Ogun is a reward for loyalty to the party and party members. He quoted Adebutu as assuring that he was fully prepared to share a pedigree of prosperity once elected as Governor of Ogun State.