The names of all the 24 members of the Oyo State House of Assembly who initiated impeachment plan against the deputy governor of the state, Engineer Rauf Olaniyan have been revealed. DAILY POST had earlier reported that no fewer than 24 members of the assembly has initiated impeachment process against the deputy governor. Our correspondent gathered that Olaniyan had few days ago announced his defection from the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to All Progressives Congress (APC). Olaniyan and governor Seyi Makinde were elected as deputy governor and governor on the platform of PDP in 2019. Twenty-four members out of the 32 members of the assembly have however initiated impeachment process against the deputy governor. The lawmakers began this move when they submitted a petition during the plenary of the house on Wednesday. The lawmakers in the petition read by the Clerk of the Assembly, Yetunde Awe, alleged the deputy governor has abandoned his office. They also alleged the deputy governor of gross misconduct, financial recklessness, insubordination and other offences. The lawmakers unanimously said that they would give the Deputy Governor a seven-day grace period to respond to the allegations. They, however, added that failure to respond within the period can lead to the commencement of impeachment move. The window of response takes immediate effect and to lapse on Wednesday June 22, according to the lawmakers. The lawmakers that signed the petition included the Deputy Speaker, Abiodun Muhammad Fadeyi (Ona Ara), Majority leader, Onaolapo Sanjo (Ogbomosho South), Babalola Olasunkanmi (Egbeda), Adebisi Yussuf (Ibadan South West 1), Okedoyin Julius (Saki West) and Adebayo Babajide (Ibadan North 2). Others are Kehinde Olatunde (Akinyele 2), Olajide Akintunde (Lagelu), Mustapha Akeem (Kajola), Popoola Ademola (Ibadan South East 2), Owolabi Olusola (Ibadan North East 2), Olagoke Olamide (Ibadan North East 1), Olayanju Kazeem (Irepo/Olorunsogo), Ojedokun Peter (Ibarapa North/Centre). The rest are; Gbadamosi Saminu (Saki East/Atisbo), Mabaje Adekunle (Iddo), Oluwafowokanmi Oluwafemi (Ibadan South West 2), Akeem Adedibu (Iwajowa), Fatokun Ayo (Akinyele 1), Rasak Ademola (Ibadan South East 1), Obadara Akeem (Ibadan North West), Oyekunle Fola (Ibadan North 1) and Adetunji Francis (Oluyole).