The attention of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has been drawn to a story planted in an online medium, by some so-called loyalists of the immediate past governor of Ogun State, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, insinuating that an imaginary peace accord between him and Governor Abiodun was proposed. We want to alert members of the general public, especially members of our dear party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), that contrary to the fake news, there was no proposed “agreement for power sharing” with anyone or group by the APC in Ogun State. There could not have been any agreement or sharing formula with people or groups that, from all intents, purposes, actions and utterances; are not members of our party. It is well known that this set of disloyal politicians not only resigned their membership of the APC in the build up of the 2019 governorship election, which was clearly won by the present Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, their touted return to the APC was mere talk as their actions had consistently shown. These serial complainants and endemic petitioners are, in their usual character, aim to blackmail the leader of our party and the Governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, in a desperate attempt to continuously cause confusion and possibly reap from where they did not sow. That is why they have been churning out serial falsehoods. Confirmed intelligence reports have always pointed to the fact that members of the embattled Amosun group have always been hand-in-gloves with members of the opposition parties, especially the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). It is therefore not unexpected that they want to return to the PDP, which they actually worked for in 2019. It is on record that the Amosun group, after defecting to the Allied Peoples Movement (APM) in 2019, went ahead and signed an MOU dated 7th March, 2019 with the PDP. It is this expired MOU that the insatiable Amosun group simply wants to renew. We commend notable former members of the group like the Senator representing Ogun East Senatorial District, Senator Lekan Mustapha; former Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Hon. Jide Ojuko; former Commissioner for Health, Dr. Babatunde Ipaye, and many others who have since seen the light and have returned to the mainstream Ogun APC, pledging their loyalty to Governor Dapo Abiodun. We urge our members not to be misled or distracted by the antics of these sore losers who are still sulking, three years after losing the March 2019 governorship election. Our focus as a party, is to support our government to continue to deliver the dividends of democracy to the good people of Ogun State and to win the forthcoming general elections overwhelmingly.