Ahead of the 2023 general elections, Chairman of Board of Trustees of the National Youth Council of Nigeria, Prof. Dickson Akor has cautioned the two major political parties in the country against ignoring youths and women in the election processes. Akor, the founder and Commandant of the Peace Corps of Nigeria stated this on Sunday during a virtual lecture at an event organised by the Cambridge University Nigerian Society (CUNS) to mark the 2022 Democracy Day. Prof Akor argued that lack of involvement of the youths and women, who according to him occupy critical positions in the election process, may not “augur well for a successful and peaceful achievement of the target”. He said, “It is important to note that electioneering activities are performed mostly by women and young people. Any arrangement within which the critical classes of the society are not included and involved, will not augur well for a successful and peaceful achievement of the target. “I will, therefore, categorically and bluntly appeal that the Nigerian Women and Young People must not be taken for granted”. The Peace Corps boss also alleged that the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, and the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have marginalized the Nigerian youths and women by giving their presidential tickets to older persons. DAILY POST reports that while the 75-year-old Atiku Abubakar, former Vice President emerged as PDP flagbearer for the 2023 elections, 70-year-old Bola Tinubu, former Lagos State Governor is the presidential candidate of the ruling APC. Despite the discrepancies surrounding their ages, Atiku and Tinubu were able to grab the tickets at the recently concluded primary elections. “The Nigerian Youth Constituency are rightfully beginning to feel marginalized and neglected. “There is the dire need for them to be incorporated in the scheme of things politically. This is my position, arising from my disposition of being in the trenches with the Nigerian Women and Young People”, Akor added.