The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) for Osun State, Professor Abdulganiy Olayinka Raji has again appealed to politicians and political parties who feel aggrieved about electoral issues not to resort to the social media as the doors of the Commission is always open. The Osun INEC REC made this known on Tuesday during the Omoluabi Convergence, an initiative of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR), Osun State chapter held to brainstorm with gubernatorial candidates towards a peaceful Osun 2022 gubernatorial election. Prof. Raji, while blaming politicians and political parties for their refusal to cooperate with INEC, also called on political parties to confront the electoral umpire rather than resort to the social media. In his words, “if I will use social media, I will use it to advance myself and to aid in conducting a free, fair, inclusive and conclusive election and not to discredit or, discuss or spread hate speech, information that are unfounded or to fight anyone. “Our office is open to everyone and I can be approached anywhere. We can always talk in order to advance peace, so that this election will be peaceful.” Speaking on the theme of the convergence: “Sustaining Our Values Beyond Elections”, the Osun REC revealed that because of a decision to follow due process, the State was now conducting an off-cycle election. He said, “at a point in time, somebody felt his mandate was stolen and he felt there was a need to follow due process.” Raji, while calling on politicians to allow peaceful electoral process to go on and then follow due process when aggrieved, added that the Commission was duty bound by the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to make available all the electoral documents when such was requested for. He charged the political class to ensure that the Osun gubernatorial election should be an exercise in decency and violence-free. He also called on the electorate to pick the best candidate, subscribe to community efforts and encourage the resuscitation of social values