The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State, Hon. Ladi Adebutu, has vowed that no ‘newcomer’ would be allowed to hijack the party structure from him and his followers. Adebutu described as surprising, efforts by some people who joined the party about seven weeks ago to hijack the party from them. The governorship candidate said this while addressing party loyalists at the PDP secretariat in Abeokuta, the state capital. According to him, he and his supporters had gone through a lot to keep the PDP together in Ogun State when many abandoned the party years ago. “Is it possible for someone that joined the party seven weeks ago to hijack this party from us? We have been suffering in this party for years. We have built this padty. It is not possible for anybody to come in seven weeks and take it away from us. We shall never labour for anyone to eat,” Adebutu said. However, the Iperu-born politician said the party would accommodate everybody in other to achieve victory in the 2023 general elections. “They have come, we have received them and we shall give them a space in our hearts,” Adebutu stated, adding that all aspirants who took part in the just concluded primary elections must be carried along to make the party stronger. While presenting certificates of return to the candidates of the party in Ogun, Adebutu said a meeting of other aspirants who lost out in the primary should be held on Monday for the sake of reconciliation. He said many who left the PDP before are returning now, appealing to those who are aggrieved to bury their hatchets for the success of the party. DAILY POST reports that a governorship aspirant of the party in Ogun, Jimi Lawal, joined the PDP in March. Lawal, an aide of Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, defected from the APC to pick the nomination form of the PDP in Ogun. He has since threatened to go to court after losing out in the primary, alleging that the delegates list was altered. Also, another aspirant, Chief Segun Showunmi is already in court, calling for the dissolution of the PDP executive in Ogun. Showunmi conducted a parallel congress in Ogun State to declare himself the governorship candidate. But, the PDP National Working Committee has presented certificate of return to Adebutu as the duly elected candidate of the party in Ogun.