Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) have foiled attempts by drug traffickers to smuggle parcels of methamphetamine concealed in cornflakes packs and body cream containers to Malaysia and Australia. A statement on Sunday by the spokesman of the anti-narcotics agency, Femi Babafemi read: “Attempts by drug traffickers to export parcels of methamphetamine popularly called Mkpuru Mmiri locally concealed in cornflake packs and body cream containers to Malaysia and Australia have been foiled by operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA at Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja, and a courier company in Lagos.” He disclosed that two freight agents; Nneji Anoma and Etoh Barnabas, involved in the bid to export nine parcels of methamphetamine weighing 1.45 kilogrammes in packs of cornflakes to Malaysia through the NAHCO export shed of the MMIA last Wednesday have been arrested. He added that another consignment of 10 cartons of tramadol 225 miligrammes packaged as Tramaking containing 500,000 tablets with a total weight of 407 kilogrammes and an estimated street value of N200 million have been seized during a joint examination with the Nigeria Customs Service at the NCS warehouse. He disclosed that the consignment, which had arrived at NAHCO import shed on 6th June from India via Ethiopian Airlines was eventually transferred to the NDLEA by Customs last Wednesday, adding that the previous day, a similar joint examination with Customs at the Customs enforcement terminal, Tincan seaport, Lagos led to the seizure of 33 parcels of cannabis indica (Colorado) weighing 16.5 kilogrammes. He said the drug exhibit was recovered from a 40-foot container, TRHU 7874497 containing four vehicles. The cannabis coming from Montreal, Canada, was discovered in three out of the four vehicles in the container. Babafemi also revealed that the operatives of the Directorate of Operations and General Investigation, DOGI at the agency attached to a courier company have intercepted a kilogramme of methamphetamine concealed in body cream containers heading to Australia. He said drug cartels also suffered losses in other operations across Adamawa, Borno, Kogi, Ogun, Zamfara and Taraba states, stating that a notorious drug dealer, Abdullahi Musa, a.k.a Yerima Uding, wanted for some past attacks on officers and men of the agency was in the early hours of last Thursday arrested in Hong town, Adamawa State. According to him, the 53-year-old suspect was caught with 57 blocks of compressed cannabis sativa, concealed in the boot of his ash-coloured Toyota Corolla car with registration number GMB 185 MF. He was alleged to have been fingered as the mastermind of the mob attack in Hong on 6th October 2020 that led to the death of an NDLEA operative and another officer now bedridden due to permanent incapacitation. In Borno State, another drug dealer Umar Musa was arrested in Tashan Kano, Gwoza local government area last Thursday with 8,000 capsules and tablets of tramadol weighing 4.55 kilogrammes, while 32.182 kilogrammes cannabis were seized by NDLEA operatives along Okene/Abuja highway, Kogi state from a commercial bus traveling from Lagos to Abuja. Babafemi said following credible intelligence, operatives also arrested one Nwanbunike Chibuike, 22, with 19,576 tablets of Exol-5, diazepam, tramadol and Rophynol as well as 7.9 litres of codeine at Ogere, Ikenne local government area of Ogun state last Wednesday. In Zamfara, a consignment of 11,660 tablets of hyponox and 6,000 ampoules of pentazocine injection was recovered from a drug dealer, Success Amaefuna at Tsafe area of the state on his way to Sokoto state, while 5,000 tablets of tramadol were seized from Darius Mbugun, 33, who ordered the consignment from Onitsha, Anambra state. The drug exhibit was concealed in a bag of gari for distribution in Gembu, Sardauna LGA, Taraba state. Meanwhile, the Chairman/Chief Executive of NDLEA, Brig. Gen. Buba Marwa (Retd) has commended the officers and men of the MMIA, DOGI, Tincan, Adamawa, Borno, Kogi, Ogun, Zamfara and Taraba Commands of the agency for the seizures and arrests of the past week while encouraging them and their compatriots across other formations to remain vigilant and intensify their offensive action against the drug cartels in all parts of the country.