A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory FCT has ordered that a dismissed teacher, Igoche Daniel Adah be remanded at Kuje Prison in Abuja pending when ruling on his bail application would be delivered. Justice Akeem Fashola ordered that the accused person be remanded in the prison till July 12 when his bail request would be considered one way or the other. The Commissioner of Police in the FCT Command had put the dismissed teacher on trial, on charges of sexual abuse related offences. At Thursday’s proceedings, Adah was slammed with one count charge to the effect that on April 15, 2021, he repeatedly touched the breast and other sensitive parts of a 14-year-old pupil of Destiny Academy, Lugbe in Abuja where he was teaching. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge punishable under section 32 of the Child Rights Act. Spirited efforts by his lawyer, Emmanuel Agwuamu to secure bail for him were unsuccessful due to the volume of exhibits placed before the court by Police Counsel Mr John Ijagbemi to oppose the bail application. Among others, the prosecuting counsel drew the attention of the court to the fact that twice, the defendant refused to appear in court to take his plea without any justification. He informed the court of how a bench warrant had to be issued against him and executed by Police operatives before he could be apprehended and brought to court. While on administrative bail, the Counsel alleged that the defendant committed another offence of the same nature adding that the court must be wary of granting such a person bail. The Police counsel further stated that the administrative bail granted him by the Police Commissioner was abused as he refused to honour invitations extended to him by police immediately after he was allowed home to prepare for his defence in the allegations against him. Besides, the prosecutor stated that the defendant’s surety had to withdraw from standing for him when it became apparent that the accused person was evasive. Justice Fashola after taking arguments for and against the bail application fixed July 12 to deliver his ruling. He said all exhibits placed before the court by the Police Commissioner and the plethora of authorities cited for and against bail the application have to be thoroughly considered to arrive at a just conclusion. The Judge ordered officials of Kuje Correctional Centre, who were in court, to keep him in prison custody till the July 12 date.