“I don’t want to impugn the motives of my colleagues, but my attitude is, speaking just for me, you either believe in border security or you don’t.” – John Kennedy A church in southwestern Nigeria became the site of a bloody attack on Sunday. The attackers reportedly stormed into the church in the city of Owo and began “shooting sporadically,” Adeyemi Olayemi, the legislator representing the Owo constituency in the Ondo State House of Assembly, told CNN. At least 28 people were killed, Olayemi said. “The attackers came in motorcycles and started shooting sporadically,” he said. “They killed many people inside the church.” But the president said late Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, a dictator swept away by an uprising in 2011, was to blame for the alarming dimension the attacks have taken in recent years. Recalled that the Libyan strongman Colonel Gaddafi was killed in October 2011 following weeks of violent uprising across Libya, ending his 42-year reign. He was 69. But in 2018 President Muhammadu Buhari wasn’t ashamed to link the dead man to the terrorists attacking Nigerian territory and have killed over 30,000 citizens including the very recent attack I Owo Catholic church in Ondo State. Prior to Gaddafi’s death, which was aided by the Western incursion into the country, Colonel Gaddafi reportedly armed his supporters to ward off the rebellion against him. Libya subsequently plunged into a civil war that still lingers nearly seven years later. In London with the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby in 2018 President Buhari said the arms Colonel Gaddafi provided to his supporters had filtered into Nigeria where they are now being used to fuel killings across the north-central. “The problem is even older than us,” Mr Buhari said of killings. “It has always been there, but now made worse by the influx of armed gunmen from the Sahel region into different parts of the West African sub-region.” “These gunmen were trained and armed by Muammar Gaddafi of Libya. When he was killed, the gunmen escaped with their arms. We encountered some of them fighting with Boko Haram. But disagreeing with this line of argument is retired General Theophilus Danjuma, a former chief of army staff, who admonished citizens to defend themselves rather than wait for security agencies. Retired General Danjuma said the Nigerian security agencies are complicit in the killings, saying many tribes may be wiped out if they wait for federal authorities to protect them. “Unfortunately, the president appears to be misinformed,” said security analyst Cheta Nwanze. Mr Nwanze, head of SBM Intelligence in Lagos, said while it is true that some of the arms in Libya have found their ways into Nigeria following the death of Mr Gaddafi, there is little evidence to support the assertion that they are being used in the north-central killings. “Most arms from Libya that have been tracked end up with Boko Haram by way of N’Djamena in Chad,” Mr Nwanze said. He said the arms being used in the north-central have been linked to previously intercepted weapons by the Nigerian government. On the assertion that the killers are not herdsmen or Fulani, Mr Nwanze said “the president may need to reassess his statement” because leaders of cattle breeders association have repeatedly claimed responsibility for deadly attacks or warned of impending ones in the past. Mike Ejiofor, a former director at the State Security Service (SSS). “It is really unfortunate that the president would go outside to tell the terrorists are coming from Libya,” he said. “We have no borders with Libya and there are no similar senseless killings in other countries which have borders with Libya.” Mr Ejiofor expressed a splinter support for the president’s assertion that the killers might not be herdsmen, saying he believes some of them are actually terrorists taking advantage of the fluid security situation to further polarise the country. The governor of the Ondo State Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria has however attempted to tell us who these terrorists are and where they came from. Governor Oluwarotimi of Ondo State has said those carrying out attacks such as the one on St Francis Xavier Catholic Church in the state, are foreigners from Mali trained in Libya. While describing the attack as vile and satanic, Akeredolu promised that the [perpetrators would be arrested soon even as he urged residents to keep calm and not take the laws into their hands. “What happened here is too tragic. It is the most tragic event. What is happening in America is a child’s play to what has happened here. “To say the least, it is condemnable. I’m grieved. Let me let you know that we have a duty to protect you. “Security services also lost about two men. The attack was sudden. How they carried out the attack and entered the church cannot be explained. “No one thought that such incident could happen in Ondo State not to talk of People. “Let us not retaliate because we will apprehend them. Don’t take laws into your hands. I want to express my condolences to the families of the victims. “Security agencies in the state must take all steps necessary because this must not repeat itself. “On our own part, we must be vigilant. We take responsibility for what has happened. “Most of those that are carrying out this attacks are foreigners from Mali who were trained in Libya,” he said. Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu failed to provide convincing data showing that the killers are from Mali or Libya. The Ondo State’s helmsman may have spoken based on the official information passed on to him by the same incompetent heads of the security institutions based in Ondo State. On reading this, every rational mind will then want to know why this couldn’t be preempted and prevented if the security forces have an inkling that terrorists from outside of Nigeria have already arrived in Nigeria. Does it really make sense going by the claim by former Army Chief of Staff Lieutenant General Theophilus Danjuma that the Nigerian security agencies are complicit in these attacks? General Danjuma is such a powerful man with lots of networks to get Intelligence from. So I will go by his own perspective. It recently emerged that the Nigeria Army allegedly issued resident permits to strange looking Fulanis to reside in the military barracks located in the South East and South West. It is possible that these attackers came from these military facilities. And then another aspect of the tales is that those who carried out this attack are members of ISWAP that may have crossed over into Ondo State from Kogi State where they had gone to kill some beer drinkers about a week ago. This version is being promoted by a television programme’s presenter on TVC in Lagos. The programme is called Journalists hangout and is quite a very credible platform. From some of the victims came the disclosure that their attackers are Fulanis. It would be recalled that Fulanis in Ondo Forests were evicted by Governor Akeredolu who is a Son of the soil in Owo Ondo State and the officials of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association threatened to make Ondo State ungovernable. It’s been a year since that threat was made. Could they be the sponsors of these terrorists that struck a Church killing over 90 worshippers? Only time shall tell. But one key point made already is the possibility that foreign born terrorists do infiltrate into the territories of Nigeria to launch massive scale of violent attacks of terror that have left thousands of Nigerians dead and others maimed for life. Ondo State Governor is not the first person to make this kind of observation. President Muhammadu Buhari had said the same thing. Governor Samuel Ortom had also made the same claim. With this latest claim collaborating what the duo of President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Ortom said, it will be strategic to find out how terrorists bred abroad easily have access into Nigeria to wreak havoc and then disappear assong without conceding that this is a fact. And this will be a big question regarding the capacity of the armed forces of Nigeria to safeguard the territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Nigeria if they are unable to stop the infiltration of foreign terrorists or found wanting for conspiring with home born terrorists to launch attacks with take off points as military facilities. This also brings into sharp focus the crass incompetence and inefficiency that characterise the office of both the Comptrollers General of Nigerian Immigration Service and the Nigeria Customs- two organisations that have the jurisdiction on what comes into Nigeria and who comes into Nigeria and both are headed by Fulanis. Are these institutions compromised or that their leaderships are bereft of strategic thinking? These interrogatories are tangential to finding a solution to the incessant cases of violent attacks of soft targets by terrorists. It must be noted that borders are central to sovereignty. They establish the categories of citizen and alien, which is a fundamental element of Sovereignty. As Joseph Carmen’s states: “The Power to admit or exclude aliens is inherent in Sovereignty and essential for any political community (www.tandfonline.com). In most jurisdictions, border security is strategic and governments do lose elections for not firmly protecting the borders of such Sovereign entities effectively. In USA, UK, AUSTRALIA, CANADA as well as most nations that are very advanced, border security is about the most important duty of these governments. But this isn’t the same with us in Nigeria and especially with the President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration which although acknowledge that there are porous borders but even the same government has experimented with the idea of running an open border policy which has seen a lot of illegal aliens crossing over into Nigeria from such places as Mali, Niger, Chad. In most cases, these persons constitute the bulk of the terrorists terrorising Nigeria. The mastermind of the public stoning to death of Deborah Yakubu Samuel the 200 level Student of Shagari College of Education in Sokoto is said to be from Niger Republic. Then even when the Immigration Service knows about the porous borders they even confessed that they are overwhelmed. Imagine reading that the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) decried the inadequacy within its workforce which it is said has prevented the service from properly manning the nation’s borderlines. Acting Controller-General of Immigration (CGI), Isah Idris, stated this during a virtual media interaction where he said the major responsibility of the service was border security, without overlooking the importance of passport issuance as another mandate. According to him, the entire workforce of NIS is not more than 25,000 while Nigeria’s borders are massive, covering 5,330 kilometres with an estimated 1,490 illegal entry points into the country. “So, it is increasingly difficult for us to adequately man the borderlines,” the NIS boss admitted. “That is why we have continued to appeal to the government to increase our budgetary allocations and also grant us approval for recruitments to reinforce the workforce. “We thank the President and the team for the approval and the recruitment we carried out in 2021, but the reality is that we need more personnel to achieve effective border management and control.” Idris said the NIS has taken some measures to improve border security and tackle the influx of illegal migrants in the country. For him, the best way to man the vast border points in Nigeria is the deployment of technology and with NIS technology building already in place, efforts have reached an advanced stage to launch electronic border management systems across 84 border locations. The NIS chief added that the border patrol system was also being enhanced to ensure close and improved monitoring with the available personnel. He revealed that the NIS conducts raids regularly and many irregular residents in Nigeria are regularly picked up and eased out. Idris, however, cautioned Nigerians that not every non-Nigerian seen in the country should be classified as an illegal migrant, saying ECOWAS protocol which Nigeria is a signatory to also grants citizens of member-states freedom which comes with conditions. “So, it takes experts like our men to determine if a non-Nigerian is an illegal resident or not,” he said. “Some of them have their papers that permit them to stay for a certain period based on the protocols we are committed to as a nation. “We carry out raids and most times we don’t announce this for some diplomatic reasons. But I can assure Nigerians that we are doing our best to ensure that only legal migrants live and work in Nigeria. Just two days ago, three illegal Sudanese residents in Nigeria were picked up. So, we are not resting.” One worrying fact is the indecision on the part of the Nigerian government to adequately protect the borders. The problem is compounded when President Muhammadu Buhari came to power and it was discovered that he has some affinities with the Niger Republic which borders Daura in Katsina State. President Muhammadu Buhari even went as far as spending $2 billion USD to build a connecting Railways to Niger Republic. If Nigeria’s President is spending public funds belonging to Nigeria that were even borrowed from China to build Railway in Niger Republic, how prepared or disposed will he be to secure Nigeria from foreigners flowing into Nigeria? Someone can’t give what he has not. President Muhammadu Buhari has no political will to secure our borders. Kurt Mills said that “Borders also help to define the moral and ethical spheres in which we act, moral and ethical rights and responsibilities accrue to those within constructed borders who are citizens, whereas States feel less compunction to treat non-citizens within their territory as equitably as citizens, and those outside their borders receive even less consideration. This is especially so when when doing so might entail bringing some of “them” inside our borders, into the inner sanctum of sovereign privilege.” So what exactly is the reason for Nigeria not doing enough to protect the borders and then stop armed killers from infiltrating and harming citizens in collaboration with some internal terrorists, assuming this is the case in some instances? Why won’t the Nigeria Immigration adopt technology to protect the borders if there are limitations of man power? These excuses for inefficiency by the Immigration and customs are completely untenable. How many more Nigerians will be killed by these so-called foreign terrorists before government acts decisively to secure the borders? *EMMANUEL ONWUBIKO is head of the HUMAN RIGHTS WRITERS ASSOCIATION OF NIGERIA and was NATIONAL COMMISSIONER of the NATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION OF NIGERIA.