The Owa Obokun of Ijesaland, Oba Gabriel Adekunle Aromolaran has advised politicians of Ijesa extraction to eschew bitterness and work in one accord to consolidate on the development being recorded in the country. Oba Aromolaran gave this advice during a peace meeting with leaders of political parties in Ilesa on Friday. The meeting according to palace sources became necessary following the interparty fracas which characterised the distribution of Permanent Voter’s Cards by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Ilesa West local government area on Thursday. As a result of the fracas on Thursday, three persons were reportedly injured but security agencies and INEC were quick to intervene to bring the problem under control. The monarch who displayed anger and disappointment at the conduct of supporters of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) charged the politicians to strive always to maintain the peace in Ijesa land so as not to incur the wrath and anger of the ancient deities of the land. According to the monarch, “I don’t want to curse anyone as requested by one of you. I will rather pray for you than do otherwise. This is because, if I do otherwise, the principalities and powers within the radius of this palace who are always interested in warfare will act. Responding, PDP leaders present at the meeting blamed the misunderstanding that occurred on Thursday at the doorsteps of the ruling APC. They accused the APC of deliberately tearing campaign posters of the Ademola Adeleke, the PDP gubernatorial candidate in the town. Countering, APC leaders claimed that the problem started when members of the PDP allegedly shot at the convoy of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola as it made its way through the Ikoyi axis of the local government area. While condemning the disruption of the peaceful electoral exercise by the hoodlums, they emphasised that henceforth anybody caught disturbing the electioneering process should be punished in accordance with the law. In his contributions, the Speaker, Osun State House of Assembly, Timothy Owoeye charged all political actors to eschew violence and not allow politics to tear them apart.