Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The council of the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland has hailed the decision of the Zamfara State Government to approve gun licenses. The government gave the approval to enable individuals to carry firearm for defence against terrorists who have continued to attack innocent citizens of the State. 2. Former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, and his wife, Beatrice, have sued the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) and other relevant agencies over controversy surrounding the real age of David Ukpo, the supposed organ donor. 3. A Divisional Police Officer, DPO, in Birnin Gwari, Kaduna State ‎has been abducted by suspected bandits terrorizing the area. The DPO, who was recently posted to the area, was reportedly on his way to Birnin Gwari to report at his duty post‎ when he was abducted on Monday. 4. The Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Tanko Muhammad, yesterday, resigned his appointment on health ground. He was subsequently conferred with the national award of Grand Commander of the Order of the Niger (GCON) by President Muhammadu Buhari. 5. Senator Godiya Akwashiki, representing Nasarawa North, has dumped the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The lawmaker announced his resignation from the party during the inauguration of the construction of Nasarawa Eggon/Galle road, on Monday. 6. Neither Atiku Abubakar, Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nor Asiwaju Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) can fix Nigeria’s challenges. Convener of the Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF), Prof Ango Abdullahi said this in an interview on Monday. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has sworn in Justice Olukayode Ariwoola as the acting Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN. Justice Ariwoola was born on the 22nd of August 1958 and is currently the most senior Justice of the Supreme Court. 8. Ansaru terrorist group has banned political activities in many communities in the Eastern part of Birnin-Gwari Local Government Area of Kaduna State, according to Birnin-Gwari Emirate Progressives’ Union (BEPU). Ishaq Kasai, BEPU Chairman, who raised an alarm on this, said the group regularly recruits young residents and marry young girls in the area. 9. A former presidential candidate and Special Adviser to Imo State Governor on Political matters, Batos Nwadike, has tendered his letter of resignation. In a letter of resignation addressed to Governor Hope Uzodiinma, Nwadike asked the governor to refund him the sum of N77,200,000, he spent to run his office. 10. Ahead of the case coming up today before Justice Binta Nyako of a Federal High Court in Abuja, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, has called on his supporters to “maintain absolute civility in their conduct, as has always been demonstrated.” Kanu’s lawyer and leader of his legal team, Ifeanyi Ejiofor, disclosed this in a statement issued on Monday after a routine visit to his client in the headquarters of the Department of State Services.