The Chairman, National Peace Commission, NPC, General Abdulsalam Abubakar, has appealed to the people of Ekiti State to live up to the ideals of the state, the ideals of integrity and honour to have a free, fair and credible election on Saturday in the state. Gen. Abubakar called on INEC to ensure that the Ekiti governorship poll is free of rancor, the citizens must be patient and to conduct themselves orderly while INEC offICial must ensure that no obstacles are placed on the path of the people and Nigerians. Gen. Abubakar was represented by the convener, the National Peace Committee, Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, at the signing of the Peace Accord by Ekiti State Governorship candidates. At the ceremony held in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State capital Wednesday, 11 governorship candidates signed the accord and 5 of the Governorship candidates were not present and did not sign the Accord yesterday. Those present include APC, SDP, ADC, ADP, NNPP, APP, NRM, PRP, ZLP, APGA, while PDP, YPP and three others did not attend. The Chairman called on residents in the state to take advantage of the off season election provided to vote to install leaders of their choice. “We are now witnessing a joyful surge of excitement across the country over the issue of voter registration. Nigerians are now using various platforms from faith based association, civil society groups, ethnic and community platforms to assist other federal and state government agencies to encourage voter registration among our people”. “Since the 2015 elections, when the NPC came into being, we at the NPC have over the years have gradually been woven into the beautiful fabric of the good work of the INEC. “The collaboration has given birth to the various successful amendments to the electoral law which has also helped to strengthen the confidence of Nigerians in their electoral processes.” The NPC appeals to the people to come out and vote and stay alive. According to the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, the intervention of NPC has contributed in no small measure to peace in the country. Prof. Yakubu said no credible election can be achieved in a violent election, saying INEC would give a transparent and credible election, noting that the votes of Ekiti people will count. In his remarks, the chairman, Ekiti State Council of traditional rulers, Oba Ayodele Adejuwon, the Onisan of Isan-Ekiti, said Obas in the state would not tolerate any bloodshed during the poll, calling on Ekiti people to vote without violence.