The Northwest coordinator of the Colleges of Education Academic Staff Union (COEASU), Comrade Shehu Jabaka Mohammed, said the union has resumed its suspended strike for four weeks following continued neglect of the sub-sector by the Federal Government. The coordinator disclosed this in Gusau, the Zamfara State capital, while briefing newsmen on the outcome of their National Executive Council meeting, (NEC). According to Comrade Mohammed, the decision followed the end of a 21-day ultimatum issued by the union on the lingering issues of the industrial concern. He said that in a letter addressed to the Minister of Education, Mr. Adamu Adamu, COEASU appreciated the minister for his efforts in trying to resolve the union’s demands, pointing out that their members could not tolerate such delay anymore. “The letter which was dated June 10th, 2022 and jointly signed by the President Dr Smart Olugbeko and General Secretary, Dr Ahmed Lawan Bazza, indicated the notice of resumption of the industrial action suspended by the Union on the 5th of December 2018,” he said. Comrade Mohammed further stated that the union invoked the inevitable option of strike action by their members nationwide over the government’s lack of respect for a non-confrontational civil approach to industrial dispute resolution. He also pinpointed some problems towards the progress of the Union which includes the failure of the Federal Government to constitute its team and commence renegotiation of the FGN-COEASU 2010 Agreement despite all entreaties of the Union. “Others are non-release of N15 billion approved out of the N456,599,691, and N18 Billion Revitalization Fund for both Federal and State Colleges of Education contrary to repeated promises of the FG. “Non-implementation of 2014 Needs assessment report, nonpayment of outstanding promotion arrears from 2016 to date, nonpayment of responsibility allowance to Librarian in Colleges of Education. “Non-implementation of the consequential effect of the implementation of CONTISS 15 on Lower Cadre. “Poor funding of Colleges of Education and poor conditions across State Colleges of Education especially in Ogun, Kwara, Abia, Kogi, Kaduna, Zamfara, Yobe, Oyo, Benue, Edo and Ebonyi States, among others,” he said. The northwest Coordinator added that the union resolved to embark on the industrial action with effect from Friday, 10th June 2022, therefore, the suspended strike action in December 2018 be resumed immediately for four weeks in the first instance.