Parents of students at the Federal Government College (FGC), Ikot Ekpene Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State have accused the school authority of negligence following the death of a Junior Secondary One, JSS1 student, Rita Emmanuel, over the weekend. The little girl, it was gathered, after complaining of stomach pains, was allegedly taken to the sickbay without proper medical attention and was later released to the parents when her condition worsened. It was further gathered that the girl was also taken to a hospital on referral but was later pronounced dead by the doctor. Reacting to the incident, a parent, Mayen Ekanem, said the students lack proper medical care and are underfed. Another parent, Enobong Bassey, lamented that, “This is a clear case of avoidable death. The school is lacking in everything, including security, because the children have traumatic experiences almost every day with the seniors brutalizing them and stealing their belongings. “My late brother-in-law’s son by name, Emediong Akpan, was admitted into SS1, and that same term, a senior student hit him on the chest and he started vomiting blood. “When my husband tried to arrest the student, the school management promised to handle it. Since that day, Emediong’s life has never been the same until he graduated,” another parent recalled. Explaining the circumstances surrounding Rita’s death, the Chairman of the Parents Teachers Association (PTA) of the school, Dr. Itoro Ikoh, appealed for calm, after meeting with the school management on the matter. Her words: “Miss Rita was a JS1 student. I was told she felt pains in her stomach at night. The following morning, while her house mistress was on routine check, she ordered that Rita be taken to the sickbay. She was attended to, but on cross-examination, she was observed to be a complicated one which required referral. “Umbilical hernia was diagnosed and the attention of Rita’s parents were required. When we spoke, the mother told us that she usually gave her vinegar to calm the stomach ache, but she was later taken to the hospital where she died,” Dr. Ikoh said.