The Bayelsa State Governor, Douye Diri, has called on fathers to treat their wives and children with honour and dignity to build successful families in society. Diri made the call during this year’s Father’s Day celebrations at the King of Glory Chapel in Government House, Yenagoa, on Sunday. The governor, who was represented by his deputy, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo, also urged fathers to understand, support, bond together, and appreciate their wives and children at all times. Highlighting the responsibilities of husbands, he equally emphasised the need for men to nurture and defend members of their nuclear family both physically and spiritually from all kinds of attacks. He, however, pointed out that honour is reciprocal, and therefore, advised wives and children to sincerely reverence and obey their husbands and fathers. While expressing gratitude to God for His mercies, Diri urged the people to always appreciate the Lord’s goodness to attract greater and better blessings from the Creator. He, therefore, wished all fathers happy celebrations, divine protection, and good health to enable them to see and celebrate next year’s Father’s Day. Diri said, “Appreciate your wives and children so they can feel protected and loved. They will also honour you in return. This makes them feel valuable. As a husband, the defence you offer is also supposed to be physical and spiritual. “If we don’t do all of these as husbands for our families, they become vulnerable and prone to attacks.” Earlier in his sermon, Elder Adolphus Forcados, underscored the importance of proper communication between a father and other members of his family. Quoting from the scriptures including 1 Peter Chapter 3 verse 7, Elder Forcados, admonished men to always see women as weaker vessels and treat them with respect in addition to taking absolute responsibility for training their children. The only lesson of the service, which had in attendance the father of the Governor, Lay reader, Pa Michael Diri, was read by the Deputy Governor, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo.