The gubernatorial candidate under the umbrella of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, Malam Aminu Ibrahim Ringim said he is still in the race and didn’t step down for anybody. Mr. Aminu stated this via his Facebook page while debunking speculation that he withdrew his Jigawa NNPP gubernatorial candidature after collecting the sum of N2 billion. This is coming amidst the party’s consultations with some of the aggrieved APC and PDP bigwigs over possibilities of dumping their parties and decamping to the basket and fruits party. Among the top politicians sighted at one of the meetings are Jigawa Senator, Sabo Muhammad Nakudu, former Deputy Governor, Ahmad Muhammad, serving and former House of Representatives and State Assembly members, as well as other top politicians in the State. According to him, “I was shocked and saddened by a rumour going round after receiving some text messages and calls that I withdrew my Jigawa NNPP gubernatorial candidature after being offered ₦2 billion. I want to inform the public that this statement is not true. “To set the record straight, since I started politics in 1976 during LGA’s Guidelines Reform, I have never participated in any form of money politics, especially one which involves a give-and-take situation as a tool for consensus or antipathy to my party. “As we all know, our party the NNPP is the best alternative to the good people of Jigawa and Nigeria as a whole who are tired and frustrated by the bad governance under the successive PDP and APC regimes. “Under the leadership of Sen. Engr. Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, our doors are open for those who wish to join our great party the NNPP, and even those who are interested in vying for political positions are welcomed to join and undergo due assessment. Our party offers a level playing field for all Nigerians devoid of any sentimental or monetary inducements. “Finally, I would like to restate my call to the good people of Jigawa State and Nigeria as a whole to register and get their PVCs, as it is the only means of fulfilling our constitutional mandate of the right to vote, and way out of our current predicament of bad governance in our dear State and country.”