There are indications that the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, may lose its strongholds and voter base in Rivers State in the 2023 general elections. The imminent upheaval is premised on the expressed dissatisfaction with the outcome of the just concluded PDP presidential primaries and the controversial selection of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa as its vice-presidential candidate. Consequently, many PDP stalwarts and supporters are reportedly demoralized and negotiating conditions for defection to either the All progressives Congress, APC, or Labour party. Findings in Rivers State uncovered ongoing political horse-trading to occasion a radical collapse of the existing PDP structures into the APC or LP at the zero hours of the forthcoming general polls. The plan to shift the PDP record of electoral fortunes in the state to the APC was hinted at by Chief Emeka Beke, the Rivers State APC chairman. Beke disclosed this in an exclusive interview in PortHarcourt, Rivers State capital. The APC chairman also averred that when the concerted plans would be coordinated and implemented, the former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar and PDP 2023 Presidential candidate would even win the 25 percent baseline vote required by the extant electoral law. When further grilled, Beke explained that the state APC leadership was working assiduously to ensure the former Lagos State Governor Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and the APC 2023 Presidential candidate wins in the whole states of the South-South geopolitical zone and, Rivers State in particular not minding that Tinubu defeated the immediate past Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi in the party’s presidential primaries. Besides, discrete investigations uncovered that the parallel APC structures in the state are being harmonized as the disunited state leaders have decided to close ranks to work for the party’s success. Reliable sources said the APC political foot soldiers have embarked on aggressive permanent voters card, PVC, and door-to-door campaigns across the upland and Riverine blocs of the state. In collaboration, Beke said, “What we are doing now is that we are going around the wards, units and everywhere to campaign and make our people understand the importance of good governance in the state. “If you want to win elections you need to mobilize your people. So, first, the people should go and get their PVCs. That is the most important thing. “Then make them understand why they need to change from the present PDP government to the APC-led administration in the state come 2023 because Governor Nyesom Wike has failed Rivers people”.