A smartwatch is a wrist-worn device that looks remarkably similar to a traditional wristwatch but can do a lot more than just show the time and date. They usually connect to a smartphone through Bluetooth to display mobile notifications, messages, call alarms, and other information. Oraimo smartwatches are no exception, as they work with any Android or iPhone smartphone with ease. Oraimo smartwatches come in a variety of styles and sizes, which is great because it allows you to choose what works best for you. There are circular smart watches, square smartwatches, and a variety of other styles to choose from. There are a variety of reasons why you might choose to purchase and wear an Oraimo smart watch. During an exercise, you might want to keep track of your heart rate or the number of calories you burn. You might want to leave your phone at home. In the kitchen, read the incoming messages on your wrist in your bedroom. You might want to keep track of your sleep cycle to check if you’re getting enough rest. All of these scenarios can be accomplished with an Oraimo smart watch. Because there are so many options, you should be able to find one that matches your expectations. We’ve compiled a list of the top Oraimo smart watches and go through each one in greater depth below. Best Overall: Oraimo Watch Pro
What We Like: IPS Color Touchscreen; Skin-friendly; Female health tracking; Heart rate, respirator, and sleep monitoring The Oraimo Watch Pro offers everything you expect from a smart watch, showcasing Oraimo’s capabilities. It has a 9.95mm slim body and is water resistant to IP68. The screen size is 240*280, and the Bluetooth version is V5.0, allowing for seamless sync with your smartphone. You may call, text, stream media, and receive notifications while walking up to 50 meters away from your phone. Overall, the Oraimo Watch Pro is slimmer, has curved edges, is skin-friendly, and lightweight, making it comfortable to wear even if your wrist is small. Because the larger battery has a capacity of 200mAh, it can last for up to 15 days on a single charge.  On Screen information looks wonderful because of the colorful and stunning IPS Color Touchscreen, which is bright enough to see even in direct sunlight. It keeps track of a variety of health indicators, such as blood oxygen levels, heart rate, sleep tracking, and respiration rate. You can easily scroll through menus and options with the Oraimo Watch Pro. It also provides female health tracking, such as ovulation tracking and menstrual cycle reminders. Overall, the Oraimo Watch Pro is one of the best watches available right now. The Oraimo Watch Pro can be used with either an iPhone or an Android handset. Blue, silver, rose gold, black, and champagne gold are the five colors available. Best for Sports: Oraimo Tempo 2S
What We Like: Excellent battery life; 8 Training modes; Automatic workout tracking; Heart rate, distance, and calories tracking The Oraimo Tempo 2s is built for more sportier lifestyles, with numerous health and fitness tracking capabilities and a lighter design. It has an HD color screen with a crisp, bold, and colorful display. The Oraimo Tempo 2s is splash, water, and dust resistant, with an IP67 rating.  The Oraimo Tempo 2s, like the majority of Oraimo smart watches, has a long battery life thanks to its 85mAh battery. The device has low-energy consumption technology that allows it to operate for up to 20 days in standby. Automatic run and workout tracking is included, as well as assistance for monitoring heart rate and sleep. Bluetooth 5.0 connectivity is supported, as is direct USB charging, which allows you to charge the device immediately from any USB port. In different training modes such as jogging, cycling, table tennis, rope skipping, and so on, the Oraimo Tempo 2s provides comprehensive and precise workout data records such as duration, heartbeat, distance, and calorie. The Oraimo Tempo 2s is simple to use and a great starting point for any sports fan looking to get their hands on a smart watch. Best for Traditional: Oraimo Tempo W
What We Like: Premium look and feel; Water-resistant; Excellent tracking support; Rotating bezel controls The Oraimo Tempo W is designed for those who desire a smartwatch that doesn’t look like one. It looks to be a regular wristwatch and has a more distinguishing appearance. It boasts a fine band and a stunning body.  The spinning bezel, which serves as an analog controller, is particularly noteworthy. It bears no resemblance to a smart device. A 240mAh battery powers the device for 20 hours on a single charge. It has an HD color screen, sleep monitoring and alarm, a 24/7 heart rate monitor, and is water resistant to IP67. The Oraimo Tempo W comes with three different clock faces to choose from, so you can find one that suits your mood. It also supports app-based notifications from Facebook, WhatsApp, WeChat, and Instagram for weather updates. The Oraimo Tempo W is designed for those who desire the best of both worlds: a stylish watch with built-in smart features. Best for Women: Oraimo Tempo W2
What We Like: Ovulation and menstrual period tracker; Excellent battery; Lovely design; Heart, stress, and sleep monitoring The Oraimo Tempo W2 is lightweight, has slim design, and oozes quality and is soft on the skin. It has customized clock faces and comes in a 1.28″ HD Full Touchscreen, larger display, music controls and 24 Training modes and IP67 water proof.  The Oraimo Tempo W2 does include all of the same features, such as automatic workout tracking, heart health, fitness monitoring, and sleep tracking. Women would find the female health feature of ovulation and menstrual period tracker really helpful. The gadget comes with Bluetooth 4.2 connectivity and a battery capacity of 180mAh that will last for about 20 days on a single charge, Best Budget: Oraimo Watch
What We Like: Sleek and lightweight; Dust-proof and water-resistant; Long lasting battery; Affordable While the Oraimo Watch is an excellent smart watch, it’s worth noting that the Oraimo Watch pro is its successor. The Oraimo Watch, with its 1.69″ IPS Color Touchscreen, is an affordable and feature-rich wristwatch. It resembles the Oraimo Watch pro in terms of weight and appearance. It’s dust-proof and water-resistant, making it ideal for working out, running, or exercising. Its compact design makes it comfortable and suitable for both small and large wrists. It features a built-in pedometer for tracking steps, can track fitness and health stats, and can get notifications via SMS, email, app, and phone call. The device boasts Bluetooth 5.0 wireless connectivity and a 200mAh battery that can last up to 20 days on a single charge. Best Rugged: Oraimo Tempo S
What We Like: Premium design; Highly customizable; Decent battery life;Several sport modes The Oraimo Tempo S is a tough, heavy backpack designed for active outdoor lives. The lovely 1.2-inch HD display is designed to stay on, so there’s always something interesting to look at on the customizable watch face.  Thanks to its 200 mAh battery, the Oraimo Tempo S may last up to 20 days on a single charge. Water, dust, and impact resistance are among the smart watch’s many features. It can receive notifications and make phone calls, and it also has fitness monitoring and many sports modes. The Oraimo Watch Pro, Oraimo’s newest smart watch, is our top selection because it’s stylish, comfortable to wear, and boasts a robust feature set. It tracks your workouts and health information and sends you alerts and messages. If you’re looking for something a little more sporty, the Oraimo Tempo 2S is a good option. It’s intended toward folks who live an active, workout-oriented lifestyle. Shop for Oraimo’s FreePods Pro via its e shop ng.oraimo.com Follow Oraimo on social media. Facebook: Oraimo Nigeria; Twitter: OraimoMate; Instagram: Oraimoclub