Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Armed men suspected to be bandits have murdered a Catholic priest, Rev Fr. Vitus Borogo, in Kaduna State. It was gathered that the incident happened on Saturday at the Prison Farm, Kujama, along Kaduna-Kachia Road, after a raid on the farm. 2. Gunmen suspected to be bandits, on Saturday, in Sokoto, reportedly killed 11 farmers in the Ghandi district of Rabah Local Government Area of the State. A source, who disclosed this, said the attackers stormed the community around 12 noon, shooting sporadically, to scare people and later killed farmers working on their farms. 3. The remains of the late Ekwueme singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu have been buried in Abia State. Osinachi’s body was laid to rest in her hometown, Isuochi, Umunneochi in Abia State yesterday. 4. Former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, has been banned from undertaking any further duties as a visiting professor at the University of Lincoln after he was accused of trafficking a 15-year-old boy to the United Kingdom for organ harvesting. 5. The Coalition of South East Youth Leaders, COSEYL, has warned against alleged plans by some terrorists to assassinate the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi. In a statement, COSEYL alleged that some terrorists told their kidnapped victims who were freed recently that they have concluded plans to assassinate Obi. 6. A Nigerian lady, identified as Martha Uche, has volunteered to donate a kidney to the daughter of Senator Ike Ekweremadu. Martha in a short video currently making the rounds on social media, offered to donate her kidney to save Sonia for free. 7. Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, on Saturday, said he made two mistakes, which included the choice of his ‘number two’ ahead of the 1999 presidential election. Obasanjo said the second mistake was his refusal to accept an asylum when he was told that the late Head of State, Sani Abacha, wanted to arrest him, the action, he said, could have led to his death. 8. The Nigeria Immigration Service is investigating the authenticity of the passport obtained by Nwamini David, who was alleged to have been trafficked to the United Kingdom for organ harvest by a former Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice. 9. President Buhari has said with the establishment of the Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Nigerians abroad can now seamlessly contribute their quota to national development, especially by investing in the economy. The President said this on Saturday while speaking at a town hall meeting with Nigerians in the Diaspora in Kigali, Rwanda. 10. Kidnappers operating in Agulu, Anaocha Local Government Area of Anambra State on Saturday kidnapped an unidentified man. The man was said to have been kidnapped at Nwanchi village in Agulu, the community of the Labour Party presidential candidate, Mr Peter Obi.