A chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State, Ambassador Abayomi Nurain Mumuni has advised the Presidential candidate of APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to without wasting time, extend communication to all the aggrieved members of the defunct Congress for Progressives Change (CPC) and All Nigerian Peoples Party (ANPP). Mumuni who spoke on Friday also advised Tinubu to reach out to all his fellow contestants at the APC presidential primary election with him. Mumuni noted that this is necessary for Tinubu to defeat Abubakar Atiku the presidential candidate of the main opposition political party in the country, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). DAILY POST recalls that Tinubu, a former Governor of Lagos state recently won the APC presidential primary election after he scored a total of 1,271 votes, to defeat his closest challenger, former Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi who scored 316 votes and the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo who scored 235 votes. But, Mumuni who contested the gubernatorial election on the platform of CPC in Lagos State in 2011 while reacting to Tinubu’s emergence, insisted that the former Lagos State governor must extend communication to the aggrieved members and those abandoned in the defunct CPC and ANPP. The APC chieftain while speaking further also enjoined Tinubu to reach out to his fellow contestants and other relevant persons including the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo. Mumuni, in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday through his Media Aide, Rasheed Abubakar, declared that it will be very difficult for Tinubu to defeat Atiku in 2023 if he (Tinubu) failed to reach out to the aggrieved and abandoned CPC and ANPP. The APC chieftain added that it will also be difficult for Tinubu to defeat Atiku if he failed to reach out to other APC presidential aspirants like Osinbajo, Amaechi and others. He said for Tinubu to win the election in 2023, he must find ways of meeting the aggrieved members of CPC and ANPP and reach out to other contestants before the election. Mumuni who congratulated Tinubu on his victory, however, cautioned that Tinubu cannot win the election without the support of the above-named people. The APC chieftain who added that Tinubu needs Osinbajo to win more votes from his constituency insisted that the former Lagos state governor cannot do it alone. He added that with Atiku Abubakar as a PDP candidate, it is not going to be an easy ride for Tinubu.