The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has created additional 25 centres for the continuous voter registration exercise in Anambra State, to meet the recent surge by registrants. The commission said the new centres now bring the total number of centres in the state to 87, and that staff of the commission who were reported to have been involved in bribery were being investigated, while others have been removed. The State Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Dr Nkwachukwu Orji stated this yesterday in a press conference at the commission’s headquarters in Awka. He said: “I am pleased to announce that the commission has created additional 25 registration centres in Anambra State, and that they commenced operation by 9.00 am today (Tuesday). “The additional centres bring the total number of centres in Anambra State to 87. “We have reopened some LGA offices that were shut down as a result of insecurity. Specifically, on Tuesday, 7 June 2022, the Idemili North LGA Office was reopened. Today, 14 June 2022, we have resumed registration exercise in Ogbaru and Ayamelum LGAs.” He further stated that the commission has reorganized its operational procedure by separating people seeking biometric services from those that require non-biometric services. Orji said biometric services involve fresh registration while non-biometric services include requests for PVC replacement, voter transfer, and updates. “Let me restate that those requesting non-biometric services need not come to the registration centres. These services can be obtained through the commission’s CVR portal. However, we have deployed personnel to assist those who cannot access the online portal at the various registration centres. “The state office is addressing reports of misconduct by staff of the Commission. To bolster public confidence in the commission, the two registration officers accused of misconduct in Nnewi North LGA have been replaced, while investigation of the matter continues,” Orji said.