Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Monday, ruled out the concept of “placeholder” or dummy vice presidential candidate as done by political parties, adding that it has no place in the Constitution of Nigeria. 2. The Federal High Court in Abuja, yesterday, stopped the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) from ending voter registration on June 30, 2022. Honourable Justice Mobolaji Olajuwon (Court 10) on Monday granted an order of interim injunction following the hearing of an argument on motion exparte by Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP). 3. A former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Orubebe, has resigned his membership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. This was disclosed on Monday via a letter he addressed to the party’s National Chairman, Senator (Dr.) Iyorchia Ayu. 4. Tukur Mamu, Kaduna-based Publisher who negotiated the release of 11 of the passengers who were abducted from a train in March, says some of the victims have been bitten by snakes. He disclosed this in an interview with newsmen in Kaduna on Monday. 5. Bandits have killed a herdsman, Ado Mamman, at a settlement in Pai community, Kwali Area Council of Abuja. A resident of Pai community, simply identified as Shehu, said the incident happened around 11:12 pm on Sunday. 6. Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has mocked his opponents over their delay to produce their “permanent” running mates within the time-frame stipulated by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). In a statement, Atiku said the office of the presidency does not need someone who is hesitant to make a decision in picking his running mate. 7. Fuel queues have surfaced in parts of Lagos, Nigeria’s commercial capital, leaving passengers stranded across the State. Checks on Monday indicated that many filling stations have run out of stock, while the few selling have long queues. 8. The Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, has said that the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Father Ejike Mbaka, remains his priest and father in faith despite the stingy comment and other outburst against him. Obi said this during an interview at the weekend. 9. The dismembered remains of a yet-to-be-identified lady have been found in the Kubwa area of the Federal Capital Territory. The corpse, which was found by a river in the community on Monday, was said to have been packed in two sacks. According to residents, the stench from the corpse drew attention to it. 10. There was apprehension in the Berger area of Lagos State on Monday after the lifeless body of a bus driver was found near a motor park. The deceased, identified only as Wasiu, was alleged to have been dumped close to the entrance of the park around midnight.