An angry mob has lynched a suspected kidnapper, whose gang members abandoned after members of a security agency working in collaboration with the police arrested him. DAILY POST gathered that the seven-man gang of kidnappers had while taking their victims along Obosi road, were accosted by the security agents. A press release by the Anambra State Police Command, signed by its spokesperson, DSP Toochukwu Ikenga said six out of the seven kidnap suspects abandoned their victims and vehicles, and escaped. Ikenga said the incident happened at about 9pm on Thursday, but a mob killed the arrested kidnap suspect. He said: “We rescued two kidnap victims, and recovered a Toyota Highlander jeep with reg nos NSH 398 HA and Toyota Camry with reg nos BRS 941 AA. “Preliminary information shows that security operatives intercepted a seven-man kidnap gang along Awada, and in an attempt to arrest the criminals, six out of the seven gang members escaped and abandoned both the victim’s vehicle and their operational vehicle. “The seventh person, arrested was lynched by an angry mob and set ablaze before police operatives could arrive at the scene.” Ikenga said following the incident, the Commissioner of Police, CP Echeng condemned the killing of the suspect, saying it amounted to taking laws into their hands. The statement said, ”he condemned the act of mob action by some members of the public who resort to jungle justice whenever they arrest suspects in respect of criminal allegations without recourse to the Police for proper investigation. “He also urged them to always exercise restraint by not taking the law into their hands. They should endeavour to take such suspects to the nearest Police Station whenever they are apprehended. This would afford the Police the opportunity to conduct appropriate investigations into the nefarious activities of the suspects, and bring them to justice in accordance with extant laws. “Meanwhile, police operatives have initiated an operation aimed at arresting the fleeing gang members and the suspects who took laws into their hands by setting ablaze the arrested suspect.”