The Osun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described as laughable, the claim of threat to life by Kazeem Oyewale aka Asiri Eniba, the Osogbo branch chairman of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW). The Osun PDP, while reacting to the claim, also described Asiri Eniba as a notorious All Progressives Congress (APC) thug who was being hunted by the shadows of his numerous misdeeds and atrocities. Recall that Oyewale had in a press statement claimed that Senator Ademola Adeleke, the Osun PDP gubernatorial candidate in the July 16 election, and the PDP were after his life. In a statement signed by Akindele Adekunle, Chairman, Caretaker Transitional Committee of the Osun PDP, he noted that it had earlier addressed a press conference in the week where the violent activities and dangerous propensity of Asiri Eniba amongst others were highlighted. The party also explained that, in the press briefing, it revealed that the police had been providing cover for the notorious Asiri Eniba while he goes on his killing and maiming expeditions, adding that claiming threat to life was an afterthought. “However, Eniba, hiding behind a finger of crocodile tears, accused Adeleke and the PDP of threat to his life, a claim the PDP considered as false, reckless, ridiculous and an afterthought. “The PDP reminds Eniba that the records of his past and present atrocities are in the public glare including the many killings for which the Oyetola-led APC administration has provided cover for him, reiterating that the day of reckoning when he would be brought to justice is around the corner. The long arm of justice may be slow, but it is long enough to catch up with anyone, no matter the level of government bonkers built around him. “The PDP therefore further called on the appropriate authorities, especially security agencies to be on the lookout for ASIRI ENIBA and his cohorts so that their criminal activities which are being perpetrated freely, courtesy of the APC-led government, are curbed without further delay. “The PDP called on heads of security agencies in the State that the security of lives and properties of Osun indigenes and residents must be taken serious before, during and after the Osun election.” While calling on the people to join hands with the PDP to resist any act of intimidation, harassment, and inducement by the APC, the party assured the electorates that their vote will count in the forthcoming election in the state.