The traditional ruler of Ifitedunu community in Dunukofia Local Government Area, Igwe Dr Chukwuemeka Ilouno, has urged Anambra State governor, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo to reinstate the former President General of the community, Chief Uchenna Nwoye, to ensure lasting peace. Nwoye had won the position in a free and fair election conducted on 30th December 2019 had been removed on trumped up allegations levelled against him by some conspirators, while a caretaker executive was installed by the former Governor Willie Obiano led administration. But seeking a way to bring peace in Ifitedunu, the traditional ruler of the community, Igwe Dr Chukwuemeka Ilouno, in collaboration with his Igwe in council has written to the state government, calling for the reinstatement of Chief Nwoye as the president general of the community, saying it was the surest way to achieving peace in the community. In the letter, Ilouno said: “On behalf of the good people of Ifitedunu and Igwe in council, we thank you for the wise decision not to renew the mandate of the caretaker committee imposed on our community. This action has brought some level of sanity to the town. “We are faced with two options. Either to bring back the elected officials or to have a new election. Each of this options has its own pros and cons, which are enumerated below. We are of the option that the lesser evil should be chosen.” Igwe Dunu named the lesser evil as the reinstatement of Nwoye, saying that its merits are in legion and can guarantee peace in the community and also end endless litigations and bad blood, which has been witnessed in the community lately. He said in the letter that bringing back Nwoye led executives will: “Spare the community of the trouble of going through another election with attendant consequences, since the elected executives who won the election by landslide on 30th December 2019 are still the popular choice of the people, and their tenure ends in December 2023, when another election will be conducted, and the presidency of the union moves to the next village. “Also, electing another executive officer now will mean that the new executive will insist on having a fresh tenure, which will pitch the village having the presidency now, against the next village the presidency will move to. This in our view will be a much bigger problem than we are having now. “Bringing back the elected officials will encourage the president general to withdraw the court case, which he had instituted against the state government, and bringing back the elected officials will send a strong signal to those that lost election that you can not disrupt a smooth running of a town union government, hoping to have another election, thereby trying to get what you lost through the back door.” Igwe Dunu enjoined Soludo to choose the option of reinstating Nwoye, saying that the demerits of not doing too are numerous. Ilouno said Nwoye’s election was conducted by some of the community’s illustrious sons, including Pastor Ben Akabueze, DG Budget and Planning, Federal Republic of Nigeria, Rev Fr Edwin Obiorah SAN, Rev Fr Joseph Nwosah and other respected clergy from the community, and not reinstating Nwoye may be a slight on their efforts.