Over 20 people have been killed by suspected insurgents affiliated with the Islamic State of the West Africa Province (ISWAP) in Dikwa Borno State. The residents were said to have left their normal camp around the village and strayed several kilometres beyond the designated safe zone to scavenge for scrap metallic materials only to be confronted by desperate insurgents who also gather same for money. Some civilian JTF sources who spoke with DAILY POST claimed they were able to gather about 20 bodies after the incident when they rushed to the scene of the attack on Tuesday He said as of yesterday, Thursday, the number of casualties had risen to 25, saying the attackers employed killer shots done at close range against their victims. A CJTF source who was involved in the evacuation of the corpses alongside soldiers told DAILY POST that they were angry over the gruesome murders of the metal scavengers in Boboshe Mukdala village of Dikwa. “As I’m speaking to you we evacuated 25 corpses from the scene already, all of them were shot at close range. As of yesterday, we had recovered about 25 bodies of the scrap metal scavengers from the scene of the attack. “We met some still alive with bullet wounds. We had to rush them to the General Hospital in Dikwa town in conjunction with the Nigerian Army to save their lives” said our source. ” It was obvious that after they shot them, they were equally butchered. There were children among them, Boko Haram are infidels” said another resident who escaped on sighting them. “They came on 3 motorcycles with each carrying 3 persons and surrounded us with sophisticated guns before they started shooting at us and killed almost all of my colleagues at the scene scavenging for the scraps popularly called Ajaokuta” he revealed. Another eyewitness who spoke to us on phone said, “I am from Malamkari village too, I could not ascertain how many motorbikes they rode on but I saw, people running helter-skelter in the village. Then the insurgents asked everyone to return and some obeyed after which I started to hear gunshots from my hiding place under a bridge. By the time I left my hideout to check what happened when they left the scene I saw only corpses. Responding to the incident, the theatre Commander Major General Chris Musa described the killings as “Terrible” “Deal went bad between them and insurgents while scavenging scrap metals. The terrorists met with the scrap metal guys and killed them. “We sent troops to assist the locals to recover the corpses. We recovered 20 corpses on that day. They were given boundaries not to cross for their own safety. But most times they go deep inside the bushes where they meet insurgents also scavenging metals. They killed them while some escaped”