Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Catholic Diocese of Ondo has stated that a mass burial for the victims of the terror attack on St. Francis Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State, last Sunday will hold on Friday, June 17, 2022. According to the church, 40 people were killed in the attack, and several others were injured. 2. The Labour Party (LP), on Monday, said that the party would not alter the principles of federal character in its choice of a vice-presidential candidate, saying Peter Obi’s running mate would come from the North. Barr. Julius Abure, Labour Party Chairman, made this known yesterday while speaking in commemoration of Democracy Day. 3. A Catholic priest of St Anthony’s Parish, Angware community in the Jos East Local Government Area of Plateau State, Rev James Kantoma, has been kidnapped by some unknown gunmen. The State Chairman of CAN, Polycarp Lubo, confirmed the abduction yesterday. 4. Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has said the people of the State will vote for the presidential candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, in the 2023 poll. He said credible voters in the State will not vote for Labour Party (LP) presidential candidate, Peter Obi, adjudged as the most popular presidential candidate from the region. 5. The camps of the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) counterpart, Atiku Abubakar have narrowed down on two persons for consideration as running mates. Sources said Tinubu’s camp has narrowed down on Senator Kashim Shettima, a former governor of Borno State and Atiku’s backers are concluding talks on Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa. 6. Former federal lawmaker and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Dino Melaye, has said that the presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, is a baby weight compared to Atiku Abubakar of the PDP. He made the claim in an interview on Monday. 7. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has threatened to query universities that have failed to comply with its decision to remain on strike while negotiations with the federal government continue. ASUU President, Prof Emmanuel Osodeke said this in an interview yesterday. 8. A retiree, Mr Isaac Ekeh, on Friday morning, May 31, poured boiling water on his wife, Stella, while she was sleeping. The incident happened at a Satellite Town, Alakija, in Amuwo-Odofin LGA of Lagos State. 9. The Lagos State Police Command has charged three suspects to court for allegedly beating a prostitute, Hannah Saliu, to death and setting her corpse ablaze for keeping the Holy Quran in her room. It was gathered that one of the suspects patronised Saliu and after having sex with her, he reportedly paid her N1,000 for the service. 10. Suspected armed bandits abducted Bishop of Anglican Diocese, Jebba in Kwara State, Rev. Aderogba, alongside his wife and driver, on the Oyo/Ogbomoso expressway, on Sunday. The victims were said to be on their way to Yewa in Ogun State when the incident happened.