Terrorists have allegedly attacked a mining site in Ajata-Aboki in Gurmana Ward of Shiroro local government, Niger State killing over thirty Nigerian soldiers, seven Mobile Policemen and six civilians. Many others are reported to have sustained various degrees of multiple gunshot injuries and are receiving medical attention while scores were abducted. It was gathered that the gunmen stormed the area on Thursday and unleashed mayhem on the community. Confirming the attack to our Correspondent, the Co-convener, Concerned Shiroro Youths, Niger State, Sani Abubakar Yusuf Kokki said the terrorists succeeded in kidnapping some Chinese nationals and are also holding many others hostage. He said, “a large number of heavily armed and well-equipped terrorists with assorted sophisticated and dangerous weapons stormed the village on Wednesday by 4pm and headed to a mining site owned by expatriates and started unleashing mayhem on unsuspecting victims”. He stated, ” As I am talking to you this morning, the death toll has risen astronomically, at present, over thirty soldiers have been discovered in the bush and confirmed dead. Kokki explained that no fewer than seven Mobile Policemen attached to the mining site and six other civilians were gruesomely killed during the ambush. He further revealed that a large number of casualties were recorded, as the AK-47 rifle-wielding terrorists gunned down their victims at sight as well as shooting sporadically into the air. “On getting the wind of the ugly development, the Nigerian Army stationed at a nearby Erena swung into action, engaging them in a fire for fire battle, unfortunately, as of yesterday, about six (6) officers were gunned down while many others have been wounded through multiple gunshots,” the co-convener added. DAILY POST learnt that the mining site owned and managed by some Chinese nationals has for a very long time become a place of attraction and a good target for criminals because of its juicy and lucrative mineral deposits. In a quick response, the Niger State Governor, Abubakar Sani Bello has directed the security agencies to go all out to ensure the safe return of the kidnapped victims and ensure that none of the terrorists escapes. Confirming the development in a press statement made available to newsmen on Thursday, the Niger State Commissioner for Internal Security and Humanitarian Affairs, Emmanuel Umar said at the moment the number of casualties cannot be ascertained from both sides. “The Niger State Government commiserates with the heads of security agencies in the state and the families of the slain personnel, the state government assures that their sacrifices will not go in vain. “The state government acknowledged all the efforts of the joint security operatives and that of the communities in the State towards taming the spate of insecurity in some parts of the state,” he stated. Umar explained that security forces have mobilized reinforcement for the manhunt of the remaining terrorists as some of them were neutralized. “Rescue of the injured victims including security personnel that sustained various degrees of injuries have been taken to a government medical facility in the state for treatment”.