Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has put together a committee to screen its vice-presidential candidate for the 2023 presidential election. Even though the party is yet to officially unveil the vice presidential candidate, it was gathered that it has zeroed in on Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike. 2. Muhammadu Buhari takes his own decisions and carries them out without the backup of a so-called “cabal” or back room boys. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, said this on Tuesday in a statement. 3. The abducted Bishop of Jebba Diocese, Anglican Communion, Right Reverend Adeyinka Aderogba, his wife and driver have been freed. This was confirmed by the Diocese of Osun Anglican Communion via its Twitter handle on Tuesday evening. 4. Following the recent attack in Owo church, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, the Chairman of the South West Governors’ Forum and the Governor of Ondo State, has warned that the people of the Southwest will not allow any unprovoked attack on the area under any pretext. 5. The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello swore-in the newly elected Chairmen of Six Area Councils and their Vice chairmen on Tuesday in Abuja. The swearing-in was in compliance with a recent court order directing the Minister to swear them in. 6. Some unknown gunmen attacked the Celestial Church of Christ, Oshofa Parish at Wasimi, Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State on Tuesday. The gunmen were said to have kidnapped the Assistant Shepherd of the parish, Oluwaseun Ajose and a Sunday school teacher identified as Dagunro Ayobami. 7. A Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday stopped the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons and other related offences (NAPTIP) from inviting former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, for interrogation over child trafficking related issues. 8. The Federal Government has ordered online interactive platforms, such as Twitter, WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram, and TikTok to ensure that they remove, disable or block access to any non-consensual content, which displays partial or full nudity, sexual acts, deep fake or revenge porn within 24 hours. 9. Two yet-to-be-identified suspected lovers have caused a stir after residents spotted them walking naked around the Victoria Garden City, Ajah area of Lagos State. It was gathered that the lovers were walking around the estate unclad when residents alerted the estate management and security guards. 10. Governor of Anambra State, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, yesterday, kicked against the retention of fuel subsidy in Nigeria. This was even as the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Limited said payments for petrol subsidy cost the Federation Account N1.217 trillion in the first five months of 2022.