The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, JAMB, on Sunday said the President of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke, “goofed” over his recent comment on admission into universities. JAMB made the remark while denying conducting the admission process for universities. The body said contrary to Osodeke’s claim; it regulates the process of admission into universities across the country. Fabian Benjamin, the Head of JAMB’s Public Affairs and Protocol, was reacting to Osodeke’s comment that “admissions are being done by JAMB and sent to you … Vice-Chancellors don’t know how the admissions are done.” In a statement he signed, Benjamin described the comment by the ASUU Chairman as a blunder, stressing that he exhibited his ignorance of the admission process. The Board promised the ASUU Chairman one million Naira if he could back up his claim with evidence. According to Benjamin: “The attention of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has been drawn to the ill-informed statement made by the rattled President of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke. He betrayed his acute ignorance of the admission process into tertiary institutions in the country when he appeared on a programme of one of the radio stations in Abuja on Saturday, 11th June 2022. “The ASUU President had made this unfortunate blunder in his laborious effort to curry favour with the public when he unimaginatively said, “…Admissions are being done by JAMB and sent to you … Vice-Chancellors don’t know how the admissions are done.” “It is highly reprehensible for an academic, albeit a researcher of such high standing, not to have the slightest idea of how candidates are admitted or to be ill-prepared for such a public forum. It is thus obvious that the problem bedevilling the educational sector is actually deeper than we had imagined. “We challenge the Professor to present one Vice-Chancellor of University, Rector of Polytechnic or Provost of any college of education with even one candidate that has not been recommended by the institution but admitted in the last five years. “The Board promises the Professor one million naira if he can substantiate his falsehood with even one proof.” 