The Benue State Forum of Local Government Vice Chairmen have refuted reports of its members planning to dump the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The forum said such reports were the handiwork of mischief makers deliberately spreading falsehood. In a statement, the forum explained that its members are only exploring all civil means to accrue all their statutory entitlements. The statement was signed by Hon. Austine Nemba, Chairman of the forum; and its Secretary Hon. Alex Tyonongo. According to the statement: “This is to formally debunk claims making the rounds in some quarters deliberately concocted by mischief makers that the Local Government Vice Chairmen in Benue under the auspices of the Forum of Vice Chairmen are making plans to dump the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). “We want to unequivocally state that we have not contemplated such, let alone planned to leave our party, the PDP for whatever reason. As a forum, we have only been exploring all civil means to accrue to ourselves our statutory entitlements and every stakeholder involved is aware of our efforts. So far, we have received very positive and significant signals that the government which we serve with all honesty is working to actualize our requests.” The forum urged Nigerians to ignore the misleading reports of its members dumping PDP. They reaffirmed their commitment and loyalty to the administration of the Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State. “In the light of the above, we are appealing to all members of the public to utterly disregard such insinuations, as they are not only false but also misleading. We strongly believe that the rumours are deliberately manufactured by those who are bent on causing disaffection within the strong united family, the PDP. “We wish to at this point reinstate our commitment and loyalty to the PDP and the government of His Excellency Samuel Ortom, that we remain committed and work assiduously to ensure the victory of all PDP candidates in the forthcoming general election,” they added.