The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Tuesday, urged Christians in the Southeast to beef up security around churches. It claimed that Fulani terrorists were planning to carry out deadly attacks in the region. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, alleged that terrorists are planning to replicate the attack on St Francis Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State, across the Southeast. In a statement he signed, Powerful said they would disguise as persons who converted to Christianity and were disowned by their families. The statement by Powerful reads partly: “We, the global family of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), ably led by our prophet and indefatigable liberator, Mazi Nnamdi Okwuchukwu Kanu, has deemed it necessary to once again alert the Christians and the general public that Fulani people have devised another means of attack against Christians, churches and non-Muslims in Biafraland. “The information contained in the intel received from our intelligence unit “the M.Branch” is that they want to replicate a similar or deadlier terrorists act that was unleashed in Owo Catholic Church, Ogun state. “We advise Christians and other religious leaders to sit up, be on alert and be security conscious as strange seeming worshippers of non-Igbo ethnicity would infiltrate their midst to commit havoc. They must be on the lookout for Fulani-looking persons that may come to join them in pretence as converted Christians, do not also be deceived into thinking that Fulanis don’t speak Igbo, dress like Igbo and behave like indigenes because they do. So many of them were born and brought up in Igbo-land and they know not just all nooks and crannies; they also understand all events and their seasons. “These terrorists and bandits have flooded Biafraland, especially the commercial cities like Aba, and others in Abia State, where Pastor Kumuyi had chosen for his aborted crusade. “They parade themselves as having converted to Christianity and are being rejected by their Muslim families in the North, which for us is tragedy waiting to happen. “They now attach Christian names to their names as religious tricks to have you accept them. Examples are Emmanuel Kabiru Sule, Mathew Christian Shehu, John Lewis Katsina and others. “They tell very pathetic stories that touch to the heart of people of conscience like the Igbos; please don’t allow them they are terrorists and bandits. Christians in Biafraland should know that they are the next target and they must take absolute security precautions as their plans are deadlier than can be imagined. “Churches must introduce tighter and properly detailed security measures, Do not fall for this Fulani hoodwink; they’re in our midst now. “Always return home early, recognize and note the people and things around you.” IPOB also urged market leaders to beef up security around their various markets because “these Fulani bandits have earmarked business places.” “All markets leaders are advised to beef up their securities because markets, where our people stay and do business, are another important target for Fulani bandits they have encircled everywhere but they will fail, and nobody should entertain fear because IPOB/ESN are waiting for them, however, be sure to take precautionary measures. “Don’t be quick to point or direct a stranger to your Pastor and your reverend fathers or rabbi or any other worker in your church. In the meantime, avoid nights out and late-night meetings and programmes. Dangers ahead are too enormous, be ready for what is to come Biafrans and report suspected movements to IPOB office around you, we must bring them down they will not succeed. “We have been encountering some of them at night and day,” he claimed.