A former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Timi Frank, has congratulated the Governor of Delta State, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, on his nomination as the running mate to the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. Frank, in a statement in Abuja, however, urged Okowa to immediately embark on a reconciliation drive within the PDP, especially to candidates who lost out during the selection process. He said this has become necessary to ensure peace and to garner needed support for the success of the ticket in the 2023 presidential election. Frank, who is the United Liberation Movement for West Papua (ULMWP) Ambassador to East Africa and the Middle East, also commended Atiku for his commitment to internal democracy in the party by allowing a committee of the National Working Committee of the PDP to select a suitable running mate for him. He enjoined all other candidates who were considered for the position before Okowa was chosen to allow the will of the party to prevail. He called on them to join hands with Atiku and Okowa to ensure victory for the PDP rather than breaking ranks and playing divisive politics. He also urged the National Chairman of the PDP, Dr Iyorchia Ayu, to urgently set up a peace committee to reconcile all aggrieved members and heal all political wounds capable of derailing the party from victory during the general elections. “The emergence of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar with Governor Ifeanyi Okowa as his running mate is a golden opportunity for the party to reclaim power which was taken from it in 2015 through sleight of hand, manipulation, subterfuge, and propaganda. “This is a time for all members of the PDP and indeed all Nigerians to remain focused in their quest to replace a poverty-inducing and inept government. “No member of the party should allow fake promises from the ruling party to make them waver in their support for the PDP,” he said. “This is the time to work and be committed to returning the PDP back to power at the centre and to continue its developmental stride, banish poverty, pay living wages, promote health care, electricity, ensure gainful employment opportunity for our teeming youths, make the life more abundant and secure the live and property of Nigerians.”