Hundreds of residents have fled their small community and taken refuge in a primary school in Jibiya town, headquarters of Jibiya local government area in Katsina State as a result of the invasion by the bandits. It was gathered that over 80 people were kidnapped and taken to a forest by the invaders while many others fled their homes for fear of being attacked. The victims include residents of Kwari village, in Jibiya local government area. Speaking in an interview with the BBC Hausa Service on Thursday, one of the women who escaped the onslaught narrated how they were forced to leave the village by the hoodlums. The woman who spoke to BBC in her native Hausa dialect narrated how it all happened. She said ”they came with full force at 5.30 pm on Wednesday and invaded us, we were not aware of their coming. They opened fire, shot sporadically and burnt down shops and our food barns .” According to her, they kidnapped people, men and women, little children who cannot even talk. They took them to the forest. They took about 80 people to the forest. She said after the invasion, the village conducted a head count and found that about 80 people were taken away. “Our people were taken away by the bandits. They are these bush Fulani people; they took even pregnant women away, she said. On how she and others escaped, she said they had to run away from Kwari village and moved to the central primary school in Jibiya town. ”We are here lying down in a humiliating manner. Not even mats to lie on. We are all lying on the bare ground. “ she said She added that when the bandits left, “we looked and found out that those taken away were up to 80. In some houses, they took 5, 10 and took them to the forest. Even our little children .” ”Truly, we are in need of help. We need assistance because we are in a pitiable condition. Please help us, Wallahi. Some husbands don’t know where their wives are. Some wives cannot find their husbands. Children cannot find their mothers, some mothers don’t know where their children are,” she said. According to BBC reports attempt to get the police spokesman SP Gambo Isa to respond to their inquiries was not possible.