The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) had condemned the killing of over 50 innocent worshippers during a church service at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State. PDP, in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon Debo Ologunagba, said it’s surprising that the terrorists invaded the church, opened fire on worshippers, freely murdered Nigerians in cold blood, and left unchallenged. It said terrorists are emboldened by the alleged complicity of the All Progressives Congress (APC) federal government. The opposition party also blamed the attack on the Federal Government’s alleged refusal to confront the terrorists heads on. According to the PDP, the APC administration is deliberately surrendering the sovereignty of a large portion of the territory of Nigeria to terrorists, who are now expanding their reign of terror and territorial occupation in our country. It lambasted the APC-led federal government for allegedly looking away as the “outlaws mercilessly ravage the nation, massacre Nigerians and take many citizens captive.” It expressed fear that this attack may be another plot by the APC to allegedly unleash terror on Nigerians to trigger tension and derail the 2023 general elections. The PDP wondered how President Buhari sleeps at night seeing “the gruesome murder and butchering of our citizens daily.” The statement partly read, “It is disheartening and traumatic to witness gory pictures and videos of children and the elderly murdered in cold blood this morning by terrorists with President Buhari and his apologists playing dumb to these happening by deodorizing terrorists as bandits. “President Buhari and his government have irretrievably failed in the primary purpose of government which is to provide security and welfare for its citizens. This President has completely abdicated his duties, become numb to daily reports of killings, adductions, and kidnappings by terrorists, and remain absent when our nation needed him most. “It is now crystal clear that President Buhari is incapable, incompetent and does not possess the capacity and integrity to hold office as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. He is a failed leader and history will not be kind to him and his administration for his abysmal failure in office”. PDP charged President Buhari to live up to his oath of office by immediately addressing the nation on measures to stop this human carnage in the country and give the nation some sense of leadership that has been absent in the last seven years.