Aji Yerima Bularafa, Special Adviser on Political Matters to Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State, has expressed concern over the low collection of Permanent Voter’s Card (PVC) by the electorates in the state. He raised the concern while speaking to newsmen on Sunday in Damaturu. According to him the records from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) revealed that Yobe State voters collected only 197, 000 PVCs. “We are grossly behind compared to other states even though Potiskum local government area collected the highest number than any other local government area in the state”, he said. Bularafa appealed to people of the state, especially those who have just attained the age of 18 and those who lost their PVCs, to go to the INEC office and obtain theirs before the closing date which is the 30th of June, 2022. “On this matter, yesterday we summoned a meeting with the critical stakeholders including five persons from each of the 17 LGs, Council Secretaries as well as Party Chairmen of the local governments and asked them to fully mobilize people to go to the INEC offices around and collect their PVCs or get enrolled before the closing date”, he added. Meanwhile, Fika Emirate Council in Yobe State has Sunday engaged the heads of districts, villages, and wards on the importance of PVC collection, revalidation and enrolment. Chaired by the Galadima of Fika Emirate, Air Commodore Ibrahim Alkali (rtd), community leaders were urged to intensify advocacy on the collection of PVCs to enable people fully participate in the forthcoming general elections in 2023. “Without PVC you can’t vote, that’s your right to vote. We are therefore urging you to go back to your respective communities and step down the message”, Alkali stressed. On his part, the facilitator of the engagement, Alhaji Baba Hardo expressed dismay over the nonchalant attitude of some community leaders in failing to convey the message to their subjects whenever such a vital meeting is held. He urged them to hold similar engagements in their respective communities to further encourage and enlighten the populace on the need to exercise their constitutional right.