The lifeless body of the four out of the six victims of the Saturday boat Mishap along the Otuan, Ayama communities of Southern Ijaw Local Government council area have reportedly been found. DAILY POST had reported that a pregnant woman, one female corps member and a 70-year-old Chief, were among the passengers who were suspected to have drowned after a boat mishap on Saturday between Otuan and Ayama communities of Southern Ijaw Local Government areas of Bayelsa State. The boat accident, which occurred on Saturday at about 4pm, was reportedly caused by bad weather, poor visibility and a lack of life jackets for the passengers. Sources from Ayama Community said the corpses of the victims, particularly the female Corps Member, identified as Immaculate from Rivers State and the 70 years old Chief from Otuan, were found floating on Sunday night close to the scene of the incident. The State Chairman of the Maritime Workers Union, Ipigansi Ogoniba, confirmed that the union and the search teams were notified of the corpses of the victims floating on the river close to the scene of the accident. He also confirmed that the corpses of the two toddlers who were part of the boat passengers have not been found, while two others have been handed to their families for burial. Ogoniba also stated that the authorities of the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) have been notified of the recovery of the corpse of the deceased female Corps member, “The NYSC State Coordinator also informed us that they have made arrangements for an ambulance to convey the deceased”. Mr. Domo Timi, who is the son of the 70 years old victim, confirmed that while the corpse of his father was deposited at the Niger Delta Teaching Hospital at Okolobiri, the remains of the Corps member were deposited at the Federal Medical centre, Yenagoa. Meanwhile, the spokesman of the Bayelsa State Police Command, Asinim Butswat, has denied the reported arrest of the boat driver, Lucky Christopher. Butswat said Lucky Christopher was invited as part of the procedure in the investigation of the accident” he was invited and questioned on the reasons why he should convey the victims during a heavy rainstorm and without life jackets”.