The All Progressives Congress, APC, in Imo State, has urged party faithful in the State to disregard a purported letter, which surfaced on the internet, reinstating Dan Nwafor, a member Senator Rochas Okorocha political family as the State Party Chairman. The ruling APC stated this in a statement signed by Cajethan Duke, Publicity Secretary of the APC in Imo State. The party further said Dan Nwafor and his cohorts shall remain where they are in the history of Imo APC. According to the party, “such irritating falsehood and misleading publication did not emanate from the national Secretariat of our party.” Recall that a letter authored by Sen. lyiola Omisore, dated 21 June, 2022, reinstating Okorocha’s ally Dan Nwafor titled: “Reinstatement of The Daniel Nwafor Led Executive”, generated controversy in the State. The letter reads: “I write to convey the decision of the leadership of the Party to comply with the Supreme Court judgement on the case between APC Vs. Evan Enwerem &2 Others (SC/CV/884/2020) which ordered for the reinstatement of Daniel Nwafor-led Executives of the Party in imo State. “You are by this development directed to take possession of the Party Secretariat and as well take charge of all Party activities in the State as the Chairman until the expiration of your tenure on 31st July, 2022.” The letter was copied to the Chairman,
Independent National Electoral Commission, the Inspector General of Police, Imo State Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) and Imo State Commissioner of Police. Reacting, the APC spokesman in Imo State said, “The said letter is not only fake and misleading, but it is also a dramatized case of forgery masterminded by an unintelligent desperado. “It is important to state there was nothing in the majority judgement delivered by the Supreme Court on Friday, May 27, 2022, in the case between APC vs Evans Enwerem & 2 others SC/CV/884/2020 that confers any recognition and legitimacy on Dan Nwafor and his co travelers. The judgement remains unambiguous and clear. “The national leadership of the party particularly the NWC has never met to issue such directive and could not have written a letter of such magnitude through an unidentified proxy, if it was not an ill conceived ‘oluwale’ product which Senator Rochas Okorocha political family is generally notorious for. “Our party has an official channel for every authorized and official information and communication.”