The Omega Power Ministry, OPM, in Port Harcourt the Rivers State capital, has declared that the Permanent Voters Cards, PVCs, is now the major requirement for members to access certain programmes and facilities in the church. Founder of the church, Chibizor Chinyere, made the announcement in a statement on Sunday. According to the statement, from Sunday, June 11, all prayer assignment collectors, traders at the OPM Divine market and other users of some key facilities in the church without PVC would be restricted. The statement reads in part, “From today, you can not collect prayer assignments without showing your PVC. “All traders in OPM Divine market will not be permitted to sell in the market if he or she does not have PVC. Remember! Everyone selling in OPM Divine market doesn’t pay for shop. “Without PVC, security will not give you tag. All students on scholarship in Nigeria must present their PVC in 7 day to revalidate their scholarship. Without your PVC, your next school fees will not be paid by OPM. “Those on overseas, your parents and guardians must present there PVC to Welfare Department for revalidation of your scholarship before 7 days. “All parents that their children attend OPM free schools have 7 days to get their PVC to revalidate their children’s admission in OPM free schools. “Everyone coming to OPM Free Specialist Hospitals, before you register, you must present your PVC and that of your husband. Without your PVC, you will not be registered and old patients have 7 days to present there PVC. “A 7 days notice is hereby, given to all those residing at the 18 OPM free estates to get their PVC or, relocate out of the free estate. “All the repentant Armed robbers, kidnappers, cultists etc, undergoing rehabilitation at the OPM rehabilitation centers also have 7 days to get their PVC or have their rehabilitation suspended and you will be evicted out. “All the repentant sex workers undergoing rehabilitation have 7 days to get their PVC or you will be evicted from the rehabilitation centers. “I’m trying to get the church lawyers on phone to find out what the law says about staff working for OPM, so we don’t go against the law. “For now, I can only penalize those benefiting from OPM free programmes, not OPM staff. “By the grace of God, this time, our country must work”. DAILY POST recalls that the clergy had few days ago, donated all branches of the church to be used by the Independent Electoral Commission, INEC for the registration of PVCs.