The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdulahi Adamu has charged the national campaign council for the Osun State Governorship election to do whatever it takes within the law to win the governorship election in that state scheduled for July 16. Adamu stated this on Thursday during the inauguration of the 86-member campaign council at the national secretariat in Abuja. He said while the Ekiti State governorship election was an easy win for the party, the Osun election is a must-win too. The national chairman warned members of the campaign council not to come back to the party crying, saying there was no room for failure. Adamu stressed: “Nobody should come back to us crying, failure is not our own by the grace of God. Whatever it takes within the laws of the land, I said go for it, win the election. “Let’s win the election, we have no apologies whatsoever for this posture because these two elections are for best to the national election coming up in 2023.” Adamu added that he had been told that the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Ademola Adeleke is a ‘money bag’, but assured that the APC would be ready for him. His words: “I was told that the governorship candidate of the opposition is a money bag. So we must be prepared to face him eyeball to eyeball. We are going there to win and that plan to win, the ability to execute the plan rest with the leadership that this council is going to provide in the campaign efforts. “I urge you to leave no stone unturned. I urge you to go there and do whatever is doable in the laws of the federal republic of Nigeria and Electoral law to win. My tolerance level and this national working committee level for failure is really really zero. “Most of you have been statesmen in your own right, the offices you held before today, but for this exercise take off the big guns, take off the creepy suits were and go down the trench and bring that victory we want.” “The reality is Nigerians chose APC and we will do everything we can to retain this position of envy.
Now, we have determined as a party, who will be our flag bearer in the forthcoming presidential election in 2023.” On his part, the Co-Chair of the National Campaign Council of the party and the Governor of Kano State, Dr. Abdulahi Ganduje has assured the Osun election will be conclusive this time around. He assured that the campaign team would ensure that the party achieves victory in Osun.