Fans of the popular celebrity couple; JJC Skillz and Funke Akindele have reacted to the announcement of their separation. JJC Skillz, in a post on Thursday via his Instagram page, announced his separation from Funke Akindele, stating that the last two years have been extremely difficult and that he tried his best to fix things. The producer and songwriter noted that they still have issues that need to be addressed such as the “custody and well-being of our children which is paramount as well as business interests.” Their separation has stirred reactions on social media as some fans looked up to them and admired their marriage. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Otunba “JJC Skillz and Funke Akindele have separated, this is sad and shocking.” @ToyosiGodwin “Funke Akindele and JJC breaking up after two children and a good social media fan base is scary. No be dating stage o. Proper marriage with fruits of the womb. Fans should sue please.” @Okikiola “This Funke and JJC break up,honestly thought they would try to make it work and fix things, feel for the two of them sha, it’s really sad.” @Kussman “Funke Akindele and JJC separated. It’s over , I don’t believe in love anymore.” @Folalagos “I know Funke won’t release the kids to him.” @Bimanthrosoc “Funke Akindele and JJC is another reason to know how to direct your prayers to God. Don’t wish to have what some people have, else, you are craving for doom.Social media and reality are parallel lines.” @OlajumokeOO “It was obvious Funke was never going back with that JJC’s son & his mother’s episode. If it gives them peace of mind, fine. They don’t have to be together to be great parents to their children.” @Amber_jay “JJC Skillz announces separation with Funke. Who then does this marriage thing work for? @OgbeniJacksparrow “We saw the hand writing of the crash of Funke Akindele & JJC Skillz marriage on the wall even before this divorce. Nothing dey shock me again. If the divorce is the best option for the duo, so be it. We the “online in-laws” are indifferent, and tired of everyday speculations.”