Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Senator Yahaya Abdullahi, the Senate Leader, has defected from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kebbi State. Abdullahi’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Muhammad Jamil Gulma confirmed the defection on Tuesday. 2. Isa Baba Buji, one of the All Progressives Congress (APC) delegates from Buji Local Government Area (LGA) of Jigawa State is dead. He died at the venue of the party’s presidential primary elections at the Eagles Square, Abuja, yesterday. 3. Voting exercise taking place at the convention of the All Progressives Congress (APC) at Eagle Square, Abuja, was suspended temporarily, Wednesday morning. The development came when Kano delegates were casting their ballot in the keenly contested exercise. Voting, however, continued after an hour. 4. Nicholas Felix, a presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has stepped down for the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. He confirmed this while making his speech at the party’s special convention on Tuesday night. 5. At least seven All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential aspirants, on Tuesday night, stepped down for the National Leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. The former Governor of Akwa Ibom State, Godswill Akpabio, Governor Fayemi of Ekiti State and five others made their decision known during their speeches. 6. Former Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, was engaged in a heated argument with some agents at Eagle Square, Abuja, venue of the convention of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Amaechi, who is one of the presidential aspirants of the ruling party, was seen raising his voice over an issue, which was not known at the time of this report. 7. The founder of a church in Lagos State, identified only as Bishop Daniels, has been accused of raping an assistant female pastor at his house in the Lekki area of the State. It was gathered that the victim, who is married with children, was allegedly raped on two separate occasions. 8. Abuja Electricity Distribution Plc has said it would seek legal redress against the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, over the “illegal” invasion of its headquarters building, arrest and detention of eight of its staff. AEDC said in a statement yesterday that the raid, which happened on Monday, led to the arrest and detention of its staff without legal process. 9. Candid Estate community, Araromi Ale, in Badagry Local Government Area of Lagos State was thrown into pandemonium yesterday, when a man identified as Wasiu allegedly slit the throat of his wife, simply identified as Fathia, in the presence of their only son. The late Fathia was said to be pregnant. 10. Pastor Tunde Bakare of The Citadel Global Community Church yesterday claimed that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission will go after some of the aspirants that contested in the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential primary. The fiery cleric made these remarks at the party’s special convention on Tuesday night.