The Imo State Government has approved the creation of six public motor parks for private motorists in the Owerri metropolis. The new public motor parks are located on Wetheral Road by Dan Anyiam Stadium, Wetheral by FSP park, Bank Road, Orlu Road, Relief Market, and Douglas Road by Mother and Child Hospital. The Commissioner for Transport, Hon. Barr. Rex Anunobi, who disclosed this to journalists on Saturday in Owerri, informed that the project is in line with the “urban renewal” initiative of Senator Hope Uzodimma. He stated that the parks remain the strategical points of de-congesting traffic gridlock in the state capital city which linked up over nine states within southern Nigeria. The Transport Commissioner said “As we are containing the commuters, we are also looking at the private motorists that always liter along the major streets of Owerri, the state capital. “I am happy that Senator Hope Uzodimma has graciously approved the immediate creation of the parks. And it will help to evacuate vehicles that are always parked over seven metres width along the roads. “These vehicles are not only constituting traffic congestion but an eyesore in the state capital city. It is the only way of proving the beauty of the Urban renewal initiative of our dear Governor. Those vehicles should be parked at the public motor parks and a token fare will be paid by the owners at the end of the day so as to service the guards. “For instance, it’s like that in Abuja, Lagos, and Port Harcourt. traffic gridlock in the state capital city which linked up over nine states within southern Nigeria. “Bankers and other corporate companies should henceforth park their vehicles at the public motor parks (Park and pay).Those parks are currently temporary as Government will soon build standard ones”. However, the Coordinator of Imo State Traffic Management Authority, ISTMA, Comrade Frank Obi Uche who was spotted by our correspondent at one of the new parks, Dan Anyiam Stadium thanked the Transport Commissioner for his innovative ideas which gave birth to the creation of the new public motor parks. Comrade Uche expressed joy that the project has given a facelift to his job adding that his men will continue to work with a “human face” and would also add value to the present administration of Governor Hope Uzodimma in Imo State. He called on the corporate organisation workers to always drive to any of their nearest public parks and park their vehicles as his men will be there to safeguard them while a fare will be charged at the end of the day.