The Senator representing Ebonyi Central Senatorial Zone in the National Assembly, Sen. Obinna Ogba was on Sunday declared winner of the just concluded governorship primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ebonyi State. The gubernatorial primary election of the PDP took place at its secretariat located along Abakaliki/Enugu Expressway. DAILY POST reports that there was heavy presence of security operatives during the exercise. The Chairman secretary of the electoral committee for the governorship Primary election in Ebonyi State, Mr. Chris Okolo, who declared Ogba winner, said the total number of accredited delegates is 513. Okolo said that a total of 8 governorship aspirants participated in the primary elections, while 3 aspirants were absent. According to him: Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii scored 1 vote, Dr. Nwazunku Ugbala scored 1 vote, Igwe Paulinus scored 2 votes, Austin Edeze scored 3 votes, Chukwuma Nwazunku scored 6 votes, Sylvester Ogbaga scored 63 votes. Edwin Anayo got 110 votes, Fidelis Nwankwo got 44 votes and Obinna Ogba scored 253 votes, while invalid votes is 14. The governorship aspirants that were absent include: Sunday Ofoke, Chris Usulor and Chukwuma Odii. The Chairman of the electoral committee, Okolo said: “Senator Obinna Ogba scored the highest votes of 253 and by the power conferred on me, I hereby declare him winner of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, gubernatorial primary election in Ebonyi State.” Reacting, Sen. Ogba commended stakeholders of the party and delegates for founding him worthy to fly the flag of the party in the State and vowed to reconcile all aggrieved party members, especially his opponents. He noted the preparedness of the PDP to take over governance from the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, in the State come 2023 general election. In a remark, the State chairman of the PDP in Ebonyi State, Tochukwu Okorie, commended the electoral committee for conducting a transparent gubernatorial primary election in the State. He called on the other aspirants to unite and give support to the flag-bearer, Ogba, to enable the PDP take over governance from the ruling APC, in the State.