The leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has condemned in totality, the attack and heinous killing of many worshippers at St. Francis Catholic Church in Owa-luwa Street, Owo town, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State. The students’ body, in its reaction, charged the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government and the Ondo State Government under the watch of Governor Rotimi Akeredolu to nip in the bud, the rising insecurity in Owo town and to ensure that the perpetrators of the “massacre” are brought to book. The Executive Director, Campus Intervention, NANS National Secretariat, Comrade Oladimeji Uthman, in a statement made available to DAILY POST, condemned how some gunmen on Sunday invaded the church during its Pentecost Sunday mass and shot many dead. “It is so sad to say that while the Holy Mass was going on, some unknown gunmen attacked and opened fire on members of the church, leaving many feared dead and scores of others injured. This is sad. It is inhumane, sardonic, satanic and pathetic,” Uthman said. He expressed worry that Owo Local Government Area houses one of the state-owned tertiary institutions, Rufus Giwa Polytechnic, Owo, asking security agencies to ensure that the assailants do not go scot-free. “It is sad and inhumane waking up to such heart wrecking news as this is an unexpected development. The perpetrators of Owo massacre must not go unpunished. “The leadership of the students body condemn in totality, this satanic activity as this unfortunate incident is highly condemnable and it poses a serious threat to our collective existence as a people. “The various heads of security agencies should as a matter of urgency deploy their men to the community to monitor and restore normalcy as the lives of our students studying in Owo town is so precious to us as a leadership. “We call on all Nigerian students in the Sunshine State to be law abiding, vigilant and not to take laws into their hands. “NANS also commiserates with families of those who lost their loved ones in this unfortunate attack and bring succor to the wounded,” he said.