The Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN) has expressed satisfaction over the ruling of the Supreme Court on the Hijab controversy in public schools in Lagos, warning against the harassment of students, going forward. The association said female Muslim students can now freely wear their Hijabs in public, putting to rest the disagreement the issue has continued to cause in various quarters. DAILY POST recalls that the Supreme Court had on Friday overruled the Lagos State on its restriction of the use of Hijab by female Muslim students of public schools. MSSN in its reaction said the judgement will now give Muslim students the liberty to wear their Hijabs without fear of molestation or intimidation. The President) of the association in Lagos, Miftahudeen Thanni, in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, warned teachers and government officials against harassment of female Muslim students. Thanni, who hailed the supreme court judgement, also said the Supreme Court judgement should put a stop to the “undue” punishment of students willing to wear the hijab. He added that the judgement has deepened the students’ and Nigerians’ confidence in the judiciary, saying there should not be any violation of human rights against the students. Thanni, on behalf of MSSN urged the state government not to delay the implementation of the judgement. “The judgement simply means that though hijab is not mandatory in Lagos schools, Muslim students who wish to wear it are free to do so and is legally allowed. “The government should not be waging war against youths who chose to cover their nakedness while encouraging those who walk naked and engage in illicit acts in public. “We hereby urge all stakeholders to be law-abiding for a peaceful implementation of the judgement. “There should be no violation of human rights against our students while we expect an immediate implementation of the judgement in all schools across the state. We urge the government not to delay implementation.