Governor Kayode Fayemi and his Kebbi State counterpart, Atiku Bagudu, have hailed electorates in Ekiti for electing the candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Biodun Oyebanji in Saturday’s election. The governors maintained that Oyebanji’s victory buttressed the fact that Ekiti electorates were sophisticated enough to identify and go for the best and most sellable candidate. They spoke yesterday in Ikogosi Ekiti, Oyebanji’s country home in Ekiti West local government area while presenting the election result and declaration sheets to the candidate. Bagudu had worked as the Chairman of the APC National Campaign Committee for the Ekiti election while the Jigawa State Governor, Abubakar Badaruworked as the campaign Manager. Presenting the documents, Fayemi, described the victory as exciting, applauding President Muhammadu Buhari, the APC Presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and the Progressives Governors’ Forum for their immense support during the electoral battle. He said: “We work hard, we planned and pulled all the strings because Ekiti is the precursor for our coming victories in 2023 and Osun States and this is because we have a sellable product. His trajectory has always been to make Ekiti better and this victory will be to the benefit of the Ekiti people. “With him in the saddle, you may not likely see any abandoned project in our dear state. I really thank Ekiti people for investing this confidence in our party. They have never done it before. Our people believe in turn by turn, but that has changed now. “I know that Oyebanji won’t give Ekiti any course to regret. All we will do is to live up to the expectations of Ekiti people and Nigerians by making Ekiti a cynosure of all eyes and the best destination of choice for investors and for people who are looking for a safe haven”. Fayemi also lauded the INEC for improving on its track records, saying what happened in Ekiti was like a miracle, taking cognisance of the serenity and calmness that pervaded the atmosphere during the election. Governor Bagudu, who went down memory lane, revealed that for APC to have won the election with over 100,000 vote margin compared to less than 20,000 recorded in 2018 confirmed how well Fayemi has done in improving the lives of the populace. “Victory is sweet but we still have to be humble in it. In 2018, Governor Fayemi won the candidate of the PDP with less than 20,000 votes. But this time, the governor-elect beat his nearest rival with over 100,000 votes. “Four years ago, the major opposition won in four local governments, but that has been narrowed to only a local government. “That shows that from 12 local governments we won in 2018 now APC won 15. This could not have happened if not for the good works done by Governor Fayemi and for the sellable candidate we paraded. “We thank the people of Ekiti State for recognising our contributions and for rewarding us with this victory”, Bagudu stated. Urging Oyebanji to perceive the victory as a call to service, Bagudu added: “Your character was rewarded by somebody who trusted in your capacity to serve. There are others that are capable, but he trusts in your capacity and character to step into his shoe. “We congratulate you on your election. Today’s victory is a window to 2023, and the feat our presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu may likely achieve. May God gives you the wherewithal to be able to deliver for Ekiti citizens”, he said.