Niger and Kogi Area Commands of the Nigeria Customs Service has seized no fewer than 101 units of exotic cars, clothes, rugs and consumables worth N755.3 million. The consumables include bottled water, wines, ketchup, spaghetti, Basmati rice, tomato soup, foreign parboiled rice, whipped cream, vegetable oil and others. The Niger, Kogi Area Controller, Comptroller Abubakar Mohammed Adamu showcasing the seized items at the Command’s Headquarters in Minna, said measures have been deployed to ensure the area becomes unbearable to smugglers and non-compliant traders who engage in smuggling. He explained that a total of 140 rolls of foreign rugs, 50 bales of second-hand clothing, 920 kegs of PMS, 8 motorcycles and 200 pieces of used tyres were also seized. According to him,” the Cumulative Duty Paid Value (DPV) for all the seized items amounted to seven hundred and fifty-five million, three hundred and seventy-seven thousand, eight hundred and sixty-six Naira only (N755,377,866.00)” “This success was recorded due to the massive intelligence deployed during the operations by applying the rules of engagement during the operations, no casualties were recorded”. The comptroller also disclosed that due to the posting of the Post Clearance Audit (PCA) and Valuation officers to the Command,” the Command has been able to recover N74,919,135 from Demand notices and disposal of seized PMS”. He warned the smugglers living within Niger/Kogi Area Command and its environs that the Federal Government’s directive on border closure is still in force in Babanna, the only border station in the Command, adding that there will be no export or import activities through border until further notice. Adamu maintained,” let me again warn smugglers and criminal elements that we will always discover all illegal routes they use for their nefarious activities, make seizures, arrest and cripple their illegitimate businesses. To be forewarned is to be forearmed”. The comptroller added that the Command has been engaging monarchs on the need to warn their wards and subjects to desist from smuggling even as the youth in the border communities are being enlightened on the ills of smuggling and other related vices to the Nigerian economy in the area.