A former member of the Osun State chapter of the All the Progressives Congress (APC), Olalekan Oyeyemi has denied being involved in the attack on the private residence of Comrade Amitolu Shittu, the Field Commander of South West Security Network, Amotekun Osun. The private residence of Amitolu Shittu, the Amotekun Osun Field Commander was vandalised as a result of a fracas between alleged supporters of the two main opposing political parties contesting for the Osun State gubernatorial election. Oyeyemi, who is popularly known as Ajagungbade Emir, revealed that some individuals in government and the Osun APC were bent on framing him up because he decamped to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Speaking with journalists in Osogbo on Thursday, the politician also stated that it was ungodly for anybody to lie against him that he led some youths in protest to Shittu’s house in Osogbo, on Tuesday, when he was nowhere close to the place. While noting that his defection to the PDP did not obviously go down well with some APC chieftains, Oyeyemi added that those chieftains have resorted to harass, intimidate, attack and implicate him just to take him out of circulation before the gubernatorial election. According to him, “It has come to my attention that officers of the Amotekun corps have been going around with false claims targeted at tarnishing my image and frame me up on the attack on the house of Chief Amitolu Shitu by some angry youths in Osogbo. “I need to put it on record that I was not involved in any protest, not to talk of leading people to attack anybody’s house. It is a blatant lie and ungodly claim that I led some people to attack Chief Amitolu’s house. The people lying against me should fear God. “I suspect that Amotekun people are being used to rope me by some people in Government and APC because of my defection to the PDP. “Also, the Amotekun people are trying to cover up their atrocities after killing two indigenes of Osogbo where they were eating at the Plantation area of Osogbo, on Tuesday morning. “Amotekun and their sponsors should be responsible enough to accept responsibility for their actions, and not lie against innocent souls.” Recall that the Osun APC had dismissed their allegation of hiring thugs to attack Osun PDP members in Osogbo. In a statement by Gboyega Famodun, the state chairman, the party alleged that PDP gangs led by Oyeyemi were given a certain sum of money to vandalise billboards of the state governor, Adegboyega Oyetola. He also revealed that old PDP thugs who were not happy with the deal decided to attack him and this led to the violent disagreement witnessed on Tuesday in Osogbo. The Osun PDP had also alleged that Amotekun Osun with the collaboration of the Osun State Police Command was involved in the systematic killing of its members. On Wednesday, June 15, 2022, the Amotekun Osun had denied allegations that it was responsible for the deaths of two individuals as a result of the attack on the private residence of its Field Commander. Amotekun Osun claimed that they were on routine patrol in Osogbo when they observed that personnel of the Nigeria Police Anti Cultism Unit were after some persons who had engaged them in a violent altercation. The Amotekun Osun spokesperson added that its operatives joined in the chase and after apprehending one of them, promptly handed him over to the police. But the Nigeria Police, Osun Command through its spokesperson also denied being behind the death of Waheed Akinpelu and Kazeem Rasaq. It maintained that the duo were shot and killed at 9:0am on Tuesday around Sabo Area of Osogbo.