The Nigerian Institute of Estate Surveyors and Valuers (NIESV) has called on the Federal Government to probe the recent gruesome murder of some worshippers at the St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo in Ondo State. It also urged the security agencies to investigate and identify the perpetrators and make them face the wrath of the law. Chairman of the Council, NIESV, Chief Emmanuel Wike said this, Tuesday, at a media briefing in Port Harcourt, Rivers State capital, during the 52nd annual national conference tagged ‘Cities of the Future: Development, Infrastructure and Sustainability’. Wike, who condemned the rising insecurity across the country, condoled with families who have lost loved ones and properties due to various forms of violence. He added, “While we are grateful to God for this opportunity to gather and share with one another, we cannot afford to neglect the mood of our nation at the moment. Our heart goes to the families who have lost their loved ones and properties as a result of escalating cases of violence across the country. “We particularly commiserate with His Excellency, Arakunrin Rotimi Akeredolu, SAN, the Executive Governor and the people of Ondo State on the gruesome murder of innocent worshippers at the St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State during a mass on Sunday, June 5, 2022. “We condemn the gory and mindless attack in the strongest terms and urge the Government and the security agencies to painstakingly investigate the ugly incident to unravel and promptly bring to justice the perpetrators. “The implications of the insecurity situation on business activities cannot be overemphasized. When there is widespread insecurity, business investment, including real estate, is affected. “While commending the government for efforts put in place to address the security challenge, we demand a critical and strategic re-examination of the security architecture with a view to carrying out a comprehensive overhaul of the same”. However, Wike said as governments continue with the efforts to restore peace and security, there was the need for all Nigerians to lower the palpable tension in the polity as a result of the security challenges. In his words, “I appeal to all Nigerians to continue to support our security agencies while working to protect us. The least we can do is to give them our unalloyed support”.