The Zamfara State committee on illegal mining says such unauthorised activities persist in some parts of the State despite the federal government’s embargo on mining activities due to banditry. In an exclusive interview with DAILY POST in Gusau, the State capital, the secretary of the committee, Surajo Usman Haske said in Hura district of Talata-Mafara Local Government Area of the State, illegal mining has occupied most of the farmlands. According to him, the committee had written documented letters to the State Commissioner of Police, the State Commandant, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and other relevant authorities for appropriate actions. “On the 16th day of May 2022, the Commissioner of Police invited me to report on 18th May 2022 to adopt my complaints so that the police would swing into action which I complied” he added. The secretary who is also the Director-General, Zamfara State Solid Minerals Development Agency explained that before he wrote the letters to the security agencies, he went to the sites with his team and saw illegal mining activities. “The areas are the route to armed bandits camps and most of the illegal miners are not indigenes of Zamfara State” he added. Barrister Haske noted that some communities in the axis have been attacked severally by terrorists in the areas. He stated that armed security operatives have already been deployed to the areas to ensure that no illegal miners are seen in farmlands, pointing out that the security operatives have sealed the areas, saying that all the illegal miners have since deserted the areas. According to him, the illegal mining activities were going on in the axis without the knowledge of the owners of the farmlands, saying that they were not even residing in the state. Haske warned the illegal miners to obey the laws of the land, stressing that the ban on mining activities was implemented for the good of the citizens. He said his committee would continue to monitor every nook and cranny of the state to fish out illegal miners. The secretary, however, assured that the State government would not tolerate any disobedience of the law implemented by the federal government, especially in the area of solid mineral development as that would seriously affect the economic development of the state.