One of the presidential aspirants on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has asked the leadership of the party in Oyo State, to make peace with all the aggrieved members of the party. Tinubu, a former Governor of Lagos State, made the request in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, while addressing thousands of APC members and delegates ahead of the forthcoming presidential primary election of APC. Present at the gathering were the Governors of Lagos and Kano states, Babajide Sanwo-Olu and Abdullahi Ganduje, former governor of Borno State, Senator Kasim Setthima, and Senator Tokunbo Abiru, Bosun Oladele, Rotimi Makinde, Senator Rilwan Soji Akanbi, Senator Dayo Adeyeye, Hon. Bosun Oladele, Wasiu Eshinlokun. Others were APC gubernatorial candidates in Oyo State, Senator Teslim Folarin, Akeem Adeyemi, Akin Alabi, former Minister of Communications, Adebayo Shittu, Dokun Odebunmi, Senator Fatai Buhari, Idris Adeoye, APC Chairman in the state, Isaac Omodewu, Dapo Adesina, Sunday Adepoju and Ibrahim Olaifa. Our correspondent reports that Tinubu and his supporters were in Ibadan to woo APC delegates ahead of the party’s presidential primary election. The former governor of Lagos State said he was aware that there are some aggrieved members of the party in the state. He, however, told the party and its gubernatorial candidate, Folarin to make peace, appeal and beg the aggrieved members before the general elections in 2023. Tinubu who said that he will still come to Oyo State to meet the party members insisted that Folarin should make peace with other aspirants of APC to win the election. He explained that APC cannot win the election with a divided house. Tinubu said “Go and settle with the other members. I want you to settle with them, you will walk, you will beg. The house is divided into two. “Let us end the crisis. I will still come to Ibadan later. If you don’t settle, you will lose. “I want you to vote for me and the sons of my friends and Folarin. I come here to market myself and these people. Folarin will go and prostrate for the elders, he will beg. He will walk and go to houses to beg them. He will walk and succeed. “You cannot win with a divided house”.