The Kwara State Police Commissioner, Tuesday Assayomo, has ordered the arrest, detention and orderly room trial of a police officer, Inspector Aigbobahi Ogbemudia, who allegedly manhandled and slapped two civilians in Ilorin, the State capital. Aigbobahi, while in the company of the Command’s Anti-Robbery team along Unity Roundabout Ilorin, accosted the two brothers, Adeleke Ridwan (22) and Adeleke Habbeb, both clothes sellers at Challenge Area of the State capital. According to the spokesperson of the State Police Command, Mr Okasanmi Ajayi, in Ilorin on Wednesday, “the boys were manhandled and slapped by a member of the Anti-Robbery team identified to be Inspector Aigbobahi Ogbemudia.” He said the officer was currently undergoing departmental orderly room trial and appropriate punishment would be apportioned accordingly to serve as deterrent to others. “The command wishes to state emphatically that the policeman has no right to hit or assault any citizen, regardless of his status, even as a suspect under investigation. “For a simple reason of lack of discretion, on the part of members of the police team, the State Commissioner of Police, Tuesday Assayomo, has directed that the erring policeman who has been arrested and identified by the victims, be detained and departmental orderly room trial commenced immediately and appropriate punishment would be apportioned accordingly. This is to serve as a deterrent to others,” the spokesman stated. The command advised members of the public to be vigilant and responsive to happenings around them at all times. “The good people of Kwara State are also assured of the determination of the police authorities in the State not only to be seen to waging war against criminals, but also to be seen to be above board in the discharge of their duties with human face,” he said. The police also vowed to protect the fundamental rights of the citizens in line with global best practices. A viral video currently trending on some social media platforms had exposed the ugly incident where the erring police officer manhandled and slapped the two victims.