A former federal lawmaker, Senator Dino Melaye has pleaded with President Muhammadu Buhari to take Nigeria back to where he met the country in 2014. Melaye said that everything has gone from bad to worse since 2015 the current government took over power from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. According to him, the President Muhammadu Buhari government is worse than the worst military regime and has allegedly come to destroy even things that were functional during the PDP administration in terms of security, economy and infrastructure. “I will say that while I’m not an apologist of military government, what we have in this country from 2015 till date is worse than military government,” Dino Melaye told Channels Television on Wednesday evening while speaking on how far Nigeria has gone in the democratic dispensation. “That’s why I said we’re living in perilous times…there’s confusion in the land and this country has never been divided the way it is today. Not even during the civil war were we this divided . “You’re not sure of where your next meal will come from. The roads are not safe. Even these days, when you’re in your houses, people will come and abduct you from your home. We’re in a situation near to surrendering to God Almighty alone. We’re in a government without governance . “We’re in a democracy where the President has lost control. Where the President has from his expression, shown that he is incapacitated. We’re in a comatose situation. “Nigeria is on the edge. Nigeria is at the brime. We’ve never had leadership failure like this. Never! Not even in Liberia or Sudan do we have this phantom of leadership failure and it’s at all levels. The APC has failed Nigerians, the APC has invited chaos, insecurity, kidnapping and banditry. “We’re just in a sorry state as a nation. The truth of the matter is that if there was hope we’ll be living on hope but as I speak to you, there’s no hope. “The situation gets messier on a daily basis…. We’re in a situation where the only thing you hear from your President is ‘I’m not aware’ or I condemn’. How long will he continue to condemn? “I appeal to Buhari to take us back to where we were in 2014 and I’m sure Nigerians will celebrate him. Nigerians will clap for him and eulogize him. “Take us back to where we were in 2014 when my ticket from Abuja to Lagos (economy) is N23,000 today is N80,000. Take me back to when a loaf of bread is N120, today is N600, take me to 2014 when I used to buy a litre of diesel for N180 today is N800. “Take me back to that situation. Take me back to the situation where the house rent I pay for my staff and people is 200% to what it is today. “Take me back to that situation whereby I’m secured. I could still travel by road… Nothing that the APC met that today is better. Take us back to where the naira was N180 to dollar. Today I buy dollar for over N600.”