Vice-Chairman of the Ijaw Youths Council (IYC), Abuja chapter, Mr. Tonte Ibraye, has emerged the Rivers State governorship candidate of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) for the 2023 general elections. Out of the 188 votes, Ibraye, who is an advocate for maternal, newborn and child health, scored 187 votes to defeat Joyce Barida and Dr. Warmeth Wright in a primary election organised by the party in Port Harcourt on Tuesday. A representative of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Emmanuel Isong, who monitored the exercise described the poll as free and fair. Ibraye, who attributed his victory to God and the party, called for the full implementation of the Electoral Act in all processes leading to the general election, especially the enforcement of the provision for electronic transmission of results during the poll. He called on INEC to execute all penalties against rigging and other electoral sharp practices, threatening that the party would report any attempt to manipulate the election to the international community. Addressing the delegates, he said: “One thing I must tell you is that, you have made history today. It will no longer be business as usual. I believe some of you are aware some people will contest and they go to the ruling party to endorse them. I must assure you that I will not use your votes to trade with anyone. “We will sustain the election till the end. If they try to rig the election we will go to the international community to give them a visa ban. My mission in Rivers State is to invest in social protection, to better the lives of the productive population in the state”. He promised that if elected as governor, he would protect the interests of the workforce, the vulnerable, people with disability, the elderly and the aged including the marginalised and minority communities. He said: “Everyone will be carried along. This is to ensure Rivers people enjoy the fruits of their labour and enjoy speedy development across all levels. He said: “I am the Vice-Chairman, IYC, Abuja chapter, but I am not here to become an Ijaw governor alone. I am here to become governor for everyone to better the lives of everyone”.