Favour Madu, sister to late gospel singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu, on Monday told a Federal Capital Territory High Court, that her sister was treated like an animal by her husband, Peter. Madu, a data processing officer with the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Enugu, testified as a second witness for the prosecution in the alleged culpable homicide case brought against Nwachukwu by the Attorney-general’s office. Madu told the prosecution counsel, Aderonke Imana, that she wanted justice for her sister. The 44-year-old said, “Her husband never treated her well. He treated her like an animal, beat her anyhow, never made her happy and never allowed her to associate with her family. She further stated that Peter was referred to as ‘Manager’ because he had control of everything including her money, and the fear she had of him, made her not relate well with her family. ”There was a time she went for ministration and when she asked for stage fee, she was told that N2 million had been paid into her husband’s account. ”He was responsible for booking events, collecting money and only tells her to go and minister without giving pocket money. “When my father was ill, he wanted to come to Abuja for treatment but the defendant refused and he eventually died. ”While travelling for our father’s burial, the defendant slapped her because she complained of how rough he was driving. “My sister developed ulcer as a result of starvation because Nwachukwu never provided for his family. “She was the provider for the family. My sister owns the house they lived in. “He drove her out of the house with their last baby under the rain and it was her first son that snuck a wrapper to cover the baby, ”Madu said. During cross-examination of the witness by the defence counsel, I A Aliyu, asked how she became aware of the occurrences since she was in Enugu. She said her deceased sister told her on the phone. Aliyu equally asked the witness if the family expected to benefit from her late sister’s finances and she answered in the affirmative. When she was asked if she inquired what led to her sister’s death at the hospital, she said the defendant prevented the deceased’s twin sister and her brother who were in the hospital from asking the doctors. The Judge, Justice Njideka Nwosu-Iheme, discharged the witness and adjourned the matter until Tuesday, for the continuation of hearing.