Minister of Federal Capital Territory, Mallam Mohammed Bello has given reasons why the FCT administration failed to inaugurate council chairmen elected during the off-season election conducted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last year. According to him, the administration was just abiding by a court order restraining the inauguration of the council chairmen, noting that once the court states otherwise, they would also comply. Recall that the court had restrained the FCT administration from going ahead with the inauguration of the elected chairmen, a development that led to protests by some aggrieved people recently. Bello who was featured at the 40th media briefing coordinated by the Presidential Media Team at the State House on Thursday, said, “With regards to the Area Council elections that took place and the court cases. I want to emphatically say that obviously, for those of you who know me, I follow the rule of law. And this government is a government of rule of law. ” So you can rest assured that the FCTA had nothing to do with the court case at all. It doesn’t make sense for us to superintend over an electoral process that was adjudged very transparent and we were able to be commended because during that area council election we lost some, and we won some. Tell me any area council or local government in Nigeria where the sitting government lost an election. “Even if there are, we can count them on our fingers, that shows you that the FCT administration, and by extension, the government of President Muhammadu Buhari is law-abiding, we allowed for a free and fair election and that’s exactly what happened. And like any election, there are those who feel aggrieved. So they went to court, and the court gave a judgement and as a law-abiding government, we honoured the court judgment and that’s a natural thing to do. “I think it is unthinkable for me as a sitting minister in the federal government of Nigeria in 2022 to flout a court judgment, it doesn’t make sense. So now what we are doing is we are awaiting the outcome of the cases in the court. And at the end of the day, as a law-abiding administration, whatever the court says we move on because the whole idea is elections are overdone. What we are to concentrate on now is governance”.