The Oyo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has threatened to remove the deputy governor of the state, Engineer Rauf Aderemi Olaniyan, if he fails to resign voluntarily. The party made this disclosure on Monday. DAILY POST recalls that Olaniyan had on Sunday announced that he had dumped the ruling PDP. Olaniyan, who was elected along with Governor Seyi Makinde as Deputy Governor on the platform of PDP in 2019, said that he has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). The PDP, which is the ruling party in the state, has however advised the deputy governor to resign immediately. PDP, in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Engineer Akeem Olatunji, threatened that it would remove the deputy governor if he fails to resign. The party enjoined Olaniyan to resign voluntarily because he has abandoned the political party and the votes that produced him as such on the party’s joint ticket. It added that it was determined and resolved to retrieve the party’s mandate being withheld illegally and unlawfully by Olaniyan. Olatunji said, “It is only when you contest election as an independent candidate and win and then decide to move to any political party of your choice that you become the owner of the votes cast by the electorates, unfortunately for Olaniyan who wants to eat his cake and still have it. “Our position is simple and very clear on this matter and as a matter of legal implication, the votes in any election in Nigeria are to political parties, and not candidates. “Failure to follow this advise and adhere strictly to it from the PDP which is the legitimate owner of every single vote cast by the electorates in the 2019 governorship election, the PDP shall not hesitate to immediately deploy every constitutional means to prevent this daylight robbery. “We’re determined and resolved to retrieve the party’s mandate being withheld illegally and unlawfully by the deputy Governor, Engr Rauf Olaniyan because it belongs to the people of Oyo state who have handled same to the PDP”.