Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, Presidential Candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), on Friday visited Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State. He met Wike less than 24 hours after Peter Obi, Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party, visited the Rivers governor in Port Harcourt. 2. The names of Senate President, Ahmad Lawan and Godswill Akpabio, a former Minister, have been removed from the list of candidates nominated by political parties for the 2023 general elections. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published the particulars of the candidates on Friday evening. 3. Gunmen on Friday bombed a Police Area Command office at Eika-Ohizenyi in Okehi Local Government Area of Kogi State, killing one Inspector Jibril on duty. A resident of the area, Mallam Momoh Abubakar, disclosed that the attackers invaded the station around 12:15am with explosives and other weapons. 4. Bandits have gone on a rampage in Abuja, Nigeria’s capital, burning two tractors and abducting 22 farmers. The incidents happened at Rafin-Daji community, Gurdi ward of Abaji Area Council of Abuja. 5. The Supreme Court yesterday, struck out a suit by President Muhammadu Buhari and the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami SAN seeking to void the provision of Section 84(12) of the Electoral Act 2022. Justice Musa Dattijo Mohammed made the declaration on Friday. 6. Gunmen suspected to be bandits have killed at least five persons including two policemen, a university lecturer and two others in separate attacks in Benue State. It was gathered that the attacks took place in Guma and Ukum Local Government Areas of the state. 7. The 12 AH-1Z cobra attack helicopters, valued at $1bn, being procured from the United States by the Federal Government will reduce response time and significantly help the Nigerian Armed Forces to defeat terrorist forces in the country, an official of the US Department of State, Andrew Strike said yesterday. 8. Residents of Umunkama community, a suburb of Ohanku/Ngwa Road area of Aba town, in Abia State, were overjoyed as a woman braved the odds to grip and hold a suspected armed robber that had accosted and held her at gunpoint in a bid to steal her belongings. 9. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) vice presidential candidate, Ifeanyi Okowa, has lambasted his critics and asked them to visit the state to assess the level of infrastructural development he had put up. On the N25 billion loan for oil palm farmers, Okowa said it was not a state loan but that of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). 10. Three persons have been arrested in Adamawa State allegedly for raping a mentally ill woman and for defiling minors. Two of the suspects are charged with the rape of the mentally challenged woman while one is accused of defiling two minors.