Labour Party chairmen in the 17 local government councils of Plateau State have vowed to resist any attempt to change the party’s current leadership in the state. The chairmen in collaboration with Concern Labour Party Supporters have, therefore, passed a vote of confidence on the party’s State Executive under the leadership of the state chairman, Hon. Grace Zamfara. The chairmen also said any attempt by anyone to subvert the will of the Labour Party under the leadership of the state chairman will be resisted vehemently. This was disclosed by Hon. James Stephen Agha, while briefing journalists at the party’s secretariat on behalf of the 17 LG party chairmen, in Jos, the state Capital. He said, “We have passed a vote of confidence on the Plateau State Exco of the Labour Party under the leadership of Hon. Grace Zamfara, which has sustained the party in the past years. “We the above groups are aware of an alleged plan to cause confusion in Plateau State chapter of Labour Party, by some disgruntled elements from sister political parties in the state, who lost elections in the just-concluded primaries and are planning to create a purported list of another exco to submit to the National Headquarters of the Labour Party in Abuja, on June 21, 2022. According to him, “We as the local government chairmen and Concern Labour Party Supporters across the 17 LGAs of Plateau State will resist any attempt by whosoever that is planning to subvert the people regarding the leadership of the state chapter of our party under the able leadership of Hon. Grace Zamfara, to have a rethink and allow the party in the state which has gained the confidence of the people of Plateau, to take the state to the promised land. Agha, who is the chairman of the party in Bassa LGA of the state, maintained that, “We, therefore, call on the national leadership of our great party, the Labour Party and security agencies in Plateau and Abuja, to take note of these developments and arrest any group of persons or individuals who are bent on causing disunity in the party in order to avoid any breach of peace. “We hereby state categorically that the state chapter of the Labour Party in Plateau State under the leadership of Hon. Grace Zamfara is the authentic leadership structure that is known by the National headquarters of our party and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). “We, therefore, pass a vote of confidence on Hon. Grace Zamfara-led State Working Committee of the Labour Party in Plateau State”, he stressed.