Mixed reactions have continued to trail the burning of houses and killing of 32 residents in Kajuru communities by terrorists The National President of Adara Development Association, Awemi Maisamari, on Wednesday, June 9, 2022, alledged that terrorists deployed a helicopter and killed over 30 persons during an attack on Adara community in the southern part of Kaduna State. Less than 24 hours after, the Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, debunked the reports of aerial attacks by terrorists but confirmed that 32 villagers were killed by terrorists who invaded the communities. He also released a list of the villages and names of the victims killed by bandits. Also, a former Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District, Shehu Sani who also confirmed the attack gave a different view. He said, “I was on a call with a Kajuru youth leader who confirmed the massacre of 32 people by terrorists in Kaduna. “The reported helicopter may not have belonged to the terrorists, but it deliberately refused to take action against the terrorists when they were killing and burning down houses,” he said. Some other notable Nigerians who spoke on the issue said the state government should have come out with verified facts, not based on feedback from the military and security operatives Dr. Moses Daniel, a former lecturer at the Department of Conflict Peace and Strategic Studies, Nigeria Defence Academy, said sometimes, press releases only douse tension and blindfold the citizens on an issue considered so important. ” Yes, a press release issued by the government and government functionaries are used to douse tensions. But, government functionaries must carry out independent verifications to get to the root of the fact. There is no way security operatives can disclose their loopholes, rather they try to cover up.” He said ”When rumours of war are being spread by three or four persons and all saying the same thing, consider an element of truth in that rumour. He also advised the Kaduna State government not to be in belief of what some trusted persons tell them, but always be sensitive to some issues. Also speaking with DAILY POST in Kaduna, Dr. Mohammed Musa, former Head of Department, Political Science, Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, wondered how the NAF helicopter which is hovering in the air, could not arrest, kill bandits, but only the story of 32 innocent people, villagers were heard, adding what happened to over 150 terrorists? “At least, NAF helicopter is on air, seeing everywhere, even if bandits are not at the scene of the incident, while on air, it’s very easy to see, monitor terrorists escaping to different directions. What have the security operatives inside the NAF helicopter done to terrorists? Have they been arrested, or killed?
He expressed pain over the killing of 32 persons and said if the government does not arrest the terrorists, they may soon attack another location.