Prince Tunji Moronfoye, the Kwara state Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has apologised to Governor Abdulrahman AbdulRazaq and the state Resident Electoral Commissioner of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, over the damning allegations against the duo in respect of the 2023 general elections in the state. The PDP spokesman, had last Thursday alleged that N300m changed hands at a clandestine meeting between the Resident Electoral Commissioner and Governor Abdulrahman AbdulRazaq recently in the state ahead of next year’s general elections. However, at a press conference in Ilorin on Monday, the Resident Electoral Commissioner, Garba Madami, denied the allegation and demanded an official apology to be published in the print and electronic media within 48 hours from Monday or the spokesman will risk legal action. In his response on Tuesday, Prince Tunji Moronfoye, said in a signed statement of apology that his statement on the issue “was infact misleading and unsubstantiated, especially, where I stated that N300m changed hands.” The apology statement reads in part; ” I Prince Tunji Moronfoye, the Kwara PDP Publicity Secretary, wishes to retract my press statement titled ” Dark Schemes of a Biased Umpire” released on 16/06/2022. “The statement was in fact misleading and unsubstantiated especially where I stated N300m changed hands. “This gross error was discovered after an intense scrutiny of the information released. “I hereby apologize to Malam Abdulrahman AbdulRazaq, the Executive Governor of Kwara state and Malam Garba Attahiru Madami, the Resident Electoral Commissioner on the issue. “I am also apologizing for any embarrassment, inconveniences and unpleasantness caused by my thoughtless purported statement,” the spokesman stated. DAILY POST recalls that the resident electoral commissioner, had vowed to go to court on the issue for defamation and character assassination of his integrity and name which he had preserved for the past 40 years as a public civil servant in service to the nation. He equally declared that no person can buy his conscience and integrity as the umpire of the electoral agency in the state, assuring that Kwara will have a free, fair and credible election in 2023.