The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Akwa Ibom State Council, has set up an eleven-man peace/reconciliation committee that would identify all aggrieved members at the just-concluded congress/primaries and see a way to appease and reconcile them back to the party. In a statement issued by the party’s state Publicity Secretary, Borono Bassey and made available to our correspondent in Uyo on Tuesday, the committee will be headed by Senator Effiong Bob, while: Hon. Imo Ibokette, Ambassador Assam Assam, Sen. Aloysius Etok, Barr. Uwem Ekanem, Sen. Emmanuel Ibokessien, Rt. Hon. (Dr) Ekaette Ebong Okon, Sir Michael Essang, Rt. Hon. Udo Kierian Akpan, Prof. Imaobong Akpan and Mr Okon Okon will serve as members. The party chairman, Rt. Hon. Aniekan Akpan, who spoke before inaugurating the committee, acknowledged the existing grievances among members who did not win the party’s ticket adding that the party is ready to address such issues as it is big enough to cover every interest. “We value our members and we love to continue as one big family always, this is why we thought it necessary to set up this Committee, as a party, we have a responsibility to reach out to everyone who holds a differing opinion from the outcome of the event, encourage them and help them restore their bearings as respected party men and women in the big umbrella family,” Akpan said. In his acceptance speech, the chairman of the Committee, Sen. Effiong Bob, appreciated the PDP in Akwa Ibom State for the opportunity to serve, assuring the Party of the committee’s readiness to do its best in ensuring reconciliation of divergent interests and fostering unity in the party. He said, “We are going to reach out to all our members who hold any difference with the direction and decision of delegates and the party in the just-concluded nomination. We will take time to listen to their positions and complaints and take steps to address the issues they have raised. We therefore solicit the cooperation of all segments of our members. No one will be left behind.” The statement by further spelt out the terms of reference for the committee to include, to identify all aggrieved members and segments of the party; identify causes and sources of grievances; identify ways and means to reconcile real and perceived grievances of members in the party etc adding that the committee is expected to submit an interim report within four weeks from the date of its inauguration.