Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Mass defection rocked Kogi Local Government chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) weekend as over 1,000 members of the ruling party in the state defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The defection was led by one Alhaji Abdullahi Isah from Gegu South. 2. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Igbo apex socio-political organization, on Sunday, alleged that the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, was under pressure to disenfranchise Nigerians ahead of the 2023 general elections. Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, the Ohanaeze Secretary-General, urged Nigerians to demand an extension of the voters’ registration exercise. 3. Two persons were killed after a trailer rammed into a bus at Mandaregi village, on the Abuja-Lokoja highway. A witness, Shuaibu Aliyu, said the accident happened around 5pm on Saturday when the driver of a DAF trailer loaded with tiles coming from the Lokoja axis veered off his lane and crashed into a bus. 4. Nigeria experienced a nationwide outage on Sunday evening as the national electricity grid crashed to zero with power bulbs fluctuating before they went off in some offices in Abuja. This is about the fourth time Nigeria will be experiencing a system collapse this year, the last being on 8th April 2022. 5. Terrorists have killed 55 iron mongers in series of attacks in the last three weeks in Borno State, the police said. The Commissioner of Police in the State, Abdu Umar disclosed this on the side-line of a security stakeholders’ meeting at the weekend in Maiduguri. 6. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has rejected the primaries which produced Godswill Akpabio as the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate in Akwa Ibom North West senatorial district. 7. At least 11 people have been killed by terrorists in Igama community of Edumoga Ehaje district in Okpokwu Local Government Area of Benue State. Locals said the terrorists besieged the community at about 4am on Sunday and opened fire on the villagers. 8. There are indications that the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, may unveil his running mate on Wednesday. It was learnt that Tinubu would conclude consultations with the party’s stakeholders, including governors on Tuesday and would announce his running mate on Wednesday. 9. The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, has condemned the shooting involving the police escorts attached to a musician, Damini Ogulu, aka Burna Boy, at Club Cubana on Victoria Island, Lagos State. This was confirmed in a series of tweets made by the Force Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, on Sunday. 10. Four people lost their lives, while eight others sustained varying degrees of injury on Sunday in an accident at the Ogunmakin, Ogun State end of the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. The State Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps, Ahmed Umar, confirmed the accident in a statement.