The Muslim Ummah of South West of Nigeria (MUSWEN), the umbrella body of Muslims from the South West region has called for the establishment of local and state police. MUSWEN noted that this is necessary in order to address various security challenges and ensure the maintenance of law and order in the country. Our correspondent recalls that a Catholic church in Owo, in Ondo state, the hometown of governor Rotimi Akeredolu was on Sunday attacked by a yet-to-be-identified gunman. It was gathered that several people lost their lives while many were injured as a result of the incident. But, MUSWEN in its reaction, said that there is a need for the government to establish State and Local Government Police. MUSWEN in a statement signed by its media consultant, Alhaji Femi Abbas said that the state and local police would be relevant for the purpose of maintaining law and order. The organisation added that they will help in settling rural crises which are capable of engendering societal disturbances. Abbas in the statement made available to DAILY POST Tuesday evening, explained that MUSWEN under the leadership of its President, Alhaji Rasaki Oladejo, considers any mere expression of sorrow and sympathy as sheer meaningless pity without bringing the perpetrators to book. The organisation also called on the Federal Government to, immediately, adopt the restoration of effective death penalty for hardened criminals in our judicial system. MUSWEN said, “Enacting an effective law with which to criminalize the carriage and wielding of guns or any other dangerous weapon in public without adequately authoritative licensing. “Regulating and controlling the freedom of Nigerian uniformed security personnel in using weapons, unnecessarily, in civil areas of the society. “Establishment of State and Local Government Police for the purpose of maintaining law and order as well as that of settling rural crises which are capable of engendering societal disturbances. “Finally, MUSWEN calls on all religious bodies to specifically pray for a formidable protection for our country and her citizens against the crushing claws of Satanic forces.”