Caroline Madu, mother of the late gospel singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu, on Monday pleaded with the Federal Capital Territory High Court in Abuja, to help her get justice for her daughter. Madu told the court that she and Osinachi’s siblings were never allowed to visit the deceased, except one time when she was ill. The 61-year-old narrated that she visited her daughter when she was sick and when they went to church, Peter left them stranded and drove away with the children. She said Peter called her a witch and sent her out of his house. “I saw her last in December when she came to Enugu for a programme and before then there was a time she left her matrimonial home because of the ill-treatment and she stayed with me for a year and three months before Peter came with a pastor to beg that he had turned a new leaf. “However, after she returned and gave birth to her third child, she called me that she was hungry and I had to send my son Chibuzor with foodstuff to her in Abuja. “My son after four days called me that he was no longer comfortable as Peter poured water on him and told him never to help in washing his children’s clothes and poured water on Osinachi and her newborn baby when she was praying,” she testified. The defence counsel, I.A Aliyu, however, objected when Madu was asked if she never visited her daughter after delivery, in line with Igbo culture, Imana in response submitted that Section 7 of the Evidence Act stated that the law stipulated that she could ask questions geared towards areas that would bring out facts leading to the charge against the defendant. But the judge, Njideka Nwosu- Iheme, sustained the objection saying Section 215 of the Evidence Act allowed questions geared towards areas that would bring out facts, but not questions that would elicit expected responses. She also restrained the prosecutor from asking the witness direct questions. When asked if her daughter had other health challenges apart from ulcer, Madu replied in the negative. She further stated that she was aware that the matter was being investigated but she did not know the outcome of the investigation which was carried out by the police.