The youth wing of apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC, has again waded into the raging controversy over the detention of former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu and his wife Beatrice. DAILY POST reported that the couple are being held in the UK for charges bothering on alleged organ harvesting. OYC had earlier urged for caution and an end to the social media trail of the Senator. The group has now written an open letter to the UK Embassy, begging that at least the Senator’s wife be freed to enable her attend to their ailing daughter. In the appeal made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, the Ohanaeze youths said it was now clear that the Ekweremadus did not involve themselves in any untoward deal but had followed an established process to save the life of their daughter. The letter of appeal was signed by Ohanaeze Youths President-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike and the Secretary-General, Comrade Obinna Achionye. “Following more emerging revelations in the case involving the former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife, both true son and daughter of Igbo land, we find it expedient to make this open appeal to the UK Embassy in Nigeria. “Contrary to earlier reports which flooded the media, it has become clear that the couple had no bad intention in mind. “Having seen that they had no other intention rather than to save the life of their daughter, as nobody will sit by and watch their child die without making efforts, we deemed it necessary to make this appeal. “We plead with the United Kingdom, through its Embassy here in Nigeria, to look into the implication of detaining the husband and the wife. We appeal for the release of one of them so the person can take care of the sick child who needs medical help urgently,” the group wrote. They also slammed fifth columnists who they said had gone on to create pseudo accounts with the name of the alleged victim of organ harvesting, David Nwamini. OYC said, “we observed that within the last 48 hours, no less than five fake Facebook accounts have been created with the profile of the alleged victim. “This is no doubt the work of blackmailers as they have gone ahead to be making posts with the said unverified accounts. The posts contain spurious claims and allegations which are clearly the handiwork of political enemies, all aimed at bringing the Senator down. “It is a matter of time and the identity of those behind this shall be unveiled if they fail to desist from their evil antics. “They had earlier claimed that the boy in question is 15 years, but current revelations have proved otherwise. This is why we call for a thorough investigation. “We urge the general public to discountenance those posts as the truth will surely prevail and Senator Ike Ekweremadu and the wife will come out of these allegations with their reputation unscathed.”