Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Supporters of National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, under the aegis of Northern Young Professionals for Tinubu (NYPT) and Tinubu Support Organisation (TSO), have kicked against consensus for the APC nomination for the 2023 elections. The groups said Tinubu has great vision for Nigeria and should be compensated for bringing Buhari. 2. Ameerah, daughter of the abducted Kaduna Kadpoly lecturer, Dr Ramatu Abarshi, has regained freedom after spending 38 days in bandits’ den. She was released on Tuesday and moved to an undisclosed hospital for medical check up, according to a source. 3. Dino Melaye, a former Senator and member of the National Assembly, has slammed President Muhammadu Buhari for asking governors under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to assist him to pick a successor. On Tuesday, Buhari told the governors of the ruling party that he needs their support in choosing his successor. 4. The Senator representing Bauchi North District, Adamu Muhammad Bulkachuwa, yesterday, asked former President Goodluck Jonathan to take it as an insult for being “rumoured” to be contesting for the presidential ticket again. 5. Amidst anxiety and tension across Lagos State as the total ban on commercial motorcycles, popularly known as Okada takes effect, many riders have started relocating from the State. Many of them are either relocating to their towns and villages, while others are relocating to neighbouring States like Ogun and Oyo States. 6. A former governor of Ekiti State, Segun Oni, on Wednesday described as ‘mere speculation’, reports that a former governor of Lagos State, Bola Tinubu, would join the Social Democratic Party. According to him, contrary to insinuations, the SDP was not in crisis over Tinubu and was not factionalised. 7. The Independent National Electoral Commission, on Wednesday, raised fears about the 2023 elections following the 20 million Permanent Voters Cards which are yet to be claimed by their owners. INEC’s Deputy Director (Voter Education), Mary Nkem, decried the poor participation of citizens in the ongoing continuous voters’ registration exercise. 8. A 39-year-old man, Niyi Adeyemo, has accused his wife, Jumoke Bamgbola, 38, of beating him to a pulp during a disagreement at their residence on Love-All Street, Ikosi-Ketu, Lagos State. Adeyemo, who was said to be suffering from arthritis, was admitted to a hospital after the alleged assault. 9. The Labour Party (LP) Presidential candidate, Peter Obi, on Wednesday said the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) would not win the 2023 election because the parties “have expired and lost their political relevance in the country.” 10. The Naira on Wednesday exchanged at 419 to the dollar at the Investors and Exporters window, compared to 419. 50 on Tuesday, representing 0.12 per cent appreciation. The open indicative rate closed at N418.21 to the dollar on Wednesday.