The Speaker Kogi State House of Assembly debunked the allegations leveled against him that he borrowed loan from the bank using the assembly name. Kolawole, while refuting the allegations levelled against him by some embattled lawmakers in the house, said the allegation is baseless and untrue. He challenged the lawmakers to come out with any proof that he actually collected money from the house using the assembly name. The two-time Kogi House of Assembly lawmaker said he remains focused towards quality representation of his people, adding that there is no iota of truth in the allegation leveled against him. According to him, under his leadership, Kogi State House of Assembly has witnessed relative peace compared to what was obtainable in the past. “Allegations that I borrowed money from the bank using the Assembly name are not true. Kogi State House of Assembly is an entity on its own. “I borrowed money from the bank as Prince Mathew Kolawole and not Kogi State House of Assembly. Those flaunting this fraudulent campaign just to dent my image are doing this for their own selfish interest”. Meanwhile, the Speaker, Kogi State House of Assembly Prince Mathew Kolawole says former Deputy Speaker, Ahmed Mohammed, (Ankpa I), Bello Hassan Balogun, (Ajaokuta) and Ododo Edoko Moses, (Dekina/Beraidu) remain suspended from the house till further notice. It could be recalled that a fresh crisis recently enmeshed the Kogi State House of Assembly when the suspended former Deputy Speaker and two former principal officers announced the impeachment of the Speaker, Kolawole. The embattled lawmakers had accused the Speaker of financial impropriety, high-handedness, serial abuse of office, refusal to abide by the provisions of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999. The embattled lawmakers while briefing journalists last week Friday said “It is so resolved that RT. HON. Prince Mathew Kolawole is hereby removed/impeached as the Speaker, of the Kogi State House of Assembly in accordance with Section 92 (2) (C) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 as amended and suspended from the House pending the final report from the House Committee on ETHICS and PRIVILEGES upon investigation of the allegations bordering on gross misconduct in accordance with ORDER 10 RULE 65 Sub 12 of the Kogi State House of Assembly Standing rules. “For Avoidance of doubt, Section 92 (2) (c) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999, as amended provides that the Speaker or Deputy Speaker of the House of Assembly shall vacate his/their offices if they are removed from office by a resolution of the House of Assembly by the votes of not less than two-thirds majority of the members of the House.” “The Kogi State House of Assembly has been embroiled in an ongoing messy crisis of confidence with the leadership style and corrupt antecedents and tendencies of the former/impeached Speaker, Mr. Mattew Kolawole whose leadership of the Kogi State House of Assembly has led to none payment of members Constitutional entitlements and gross corruption and diversion of funds meant for the Assembly since 2019. Mattew Kolawole used the Kogi State House of Assembly account to collect a personal loan running into Hundreds of millions to the detriment of Members of the House. “Mattew Kolawole stepped on and diminished the integrity and status of fellow elected members by serially recording meetings and confidential conversations of members with which he maliciously played for the Governor of Kogi State as a tool to blackmail members and destroy the trust and loyalty of members to the Governor overtime.” The embattled lawmakers said they had gathered the signatures of more than 18 members validating the impeachment of Prince Mathew Kolawole as the Speaker, Kogi State House of Assembly. But, there was a twist in their position on Tuesday, when the lawmakers took turns at the house sitting that they never signed to impeach the Speaker, but rather endorse the presidential aspiration of Governor Yahaya Bello before the last All Progressives Congress (APC)primary election.