Former Governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido, has told Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State that they did only what is right by picking former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar as the Peoples Democratic Party’, PDP, presidential candidate for the 2023 general elections. Lamido, is said to be one of the northern leaders who played a key role in convincing Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State to step down and back Atiku’s candidacy during Saturday’s presidential primaries and national convention of the party. Lamido, who hailed Wike’s efforts and contributions to the main opposition party, even noted that nobody has carried the party the way Wike has done in the last two years, but insisted that decisions were made for the best interests of the party and Nigerians in general. “There is nobody who talked about the PDP in the last two years like Wike but the party picked who they thought is the best for the presidential ticket,” the ex-Jigawa governor told Channels Television on Wednesday evening. Reacting to Wike’s comment aftermath of the election, where the Rivers Governor said that at some point he wanted to scuttle the presidential primary, especially when Tambuwal was allowed to mount the podium again to announce his decision to step down, Lamido said Wike reacted to the defeat like any other human being. He insisted that the decision to ensure Atiku triumphed was not made based on region but to give the party the best sellable candidate to challenge the ruling party. “Wike is a normal human being with feelings, emotions and expectations. So when expectations are not met, emotions come in naturally…all of us are there for the party,” he added. “Wike has tremendously worked for the party and made huge contributions to the party and in the last two years, nobody talked about the party more than Wike, I agree, but you see, at the end of the day, it is the political will of the people of PDP which will prevail.” Atiku emerged the presidential candidate of the PDP for the 2023 general election after polling a total of 371 votes to defeat his closest challenger, Wike, who garnered 237 votes.