The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMET), in Niger State, has called on stakeholders in disaster management to develop a more robust early warning system to mitigate and reduce risks associated with floods in the state. Director General of NiMET, Prof. Mansur Matazu, gave the warning during the Hydro-Electric Power Dam Managers and Stakeholders meeting in Minna on Wednesday. Matazu represented by Mr James Adamu, Executive Assistant to the DG of NiMET that Niger state will experience intensive rainfall between July to Sept. according to its 2022 seasonal climate prediction, hence the need for the warning to reduce risks. According to him, the onset of rainfall in the southern part of the state will start on May 5, while in eastern part it will start May 30 and the northern part will be June 6. He stated, “The length of the growing season would be longer in the southern part of the state lasting for 183 days and in eastern part will last for 154 to 163 days and while the northern is likely to have less than 140 days. “The predicted rainfall amount in southern part of the state may likely to be above 1,460 milimeters and in the eastern part is likely to be 1,260 to 1,360 milimeters while northern part will experience below 110 milimeters”. Earlier in her remarks, Hajiya Zainab Sa’idu, Head, NEMA Minna Operations Office, Hajiya Zainab Sa’idu, explained that the meeting was for stakeholders and disaster managers to brainstorm and come up with ways to prevent and reduce disasters. According to her, “This constitutes a kind of early warning mechanism. The 2022 NiMET prediction and annual flood outlook by NIHSA are already out and as usual with some key predictions that cannot be overlooked”. She noted that the predictions if not given proper attention will lead to disasters, loss of lives and properties of people as well as disrupt the functioning of many communities which will by far be more disturbing. Sa’idu then urged the participants to offer their advice on the impending threat of flood and ways to cushion the negative impacts of the phenomenon on the people.