The Adara Development Association (ADA), has alleged that Fulani militia were still carrying out killings in the area Awemi Dio Maisamari, ADA National President in a statement lamented, “The pogrom against Adara nation rages on.” It said Ungwan Gamu, Dogon Noma, Ungwan Sarki and Maikori villages, near Maro, in Kajuru Local Government Area were attacked on Sunday, 5th June, 2022. According to the statement, the death toll rose to 32 as villagers comb surrounding bushes for more corpses. He revealed that seven (7) corpses were found on Wednesday, 8th June, 2022, in varying degrees of decomposition. The statement explained that the attack continued around 12noon on Tuesday, 7th June, 2022 and lasted until around 6pm unchallenged, regretting that it was carried out by Fulani terrorists who mounted on motorcycles, carrying three AK47 wielding persons each. “When the armed killers were carrying out the killings around 3pm, the villagers mobilized to repel the attackers at Maikori village. The valiant natives who came out in large numbers from neighbouring villages were already driving back the invaders and taking control of the situation when a helicopter appeared,” the statement explained. To the horror of the natives, the statement added, “the white painted helicopter, faced the natives instead and started gunning the youths from the air, clearly leaving out the killers who can be distinctly identified by the mode of dressings and from their positions.” It stated that there was no way that poorly armed farmers using crude weapons could face the combined fire strength of better armed herdsmen and a gun mounted helicopter, saying that with no other options, the Adara youths had to scamper for safety. According to the statement, the situation enabled the attackers to burn down the whole village, explaining that the covering fire of the helicopter also enabled the attackers to escape unhurt. As a result of the attack, the statement observed that 25 persons made up of 16 men, 5 women, and 4 children were killed. The Adara people stated that they were not sure how many of the casualties were caused by the gun shots from the helicopter, explaining that some injured persons were taking treatments in various hospitals. The statement explained, “Some houses were burnt at Ungwan Sarki, with Maikori village completely destroyed. The ECWA Church in Dogo Noma was razed down. Some houses in Unguwan Sarki and Unguwan Gamu were also burnt.” The statement lamented that burial of victims was disrupted on Monday, 6th June, 2022 as the Fulani terrorists were sighted in nearby bushes. The ADA appealed to the Nigeria Air Force to thoroughly investigate the incident and determine if the helicopter and the crew belonged to the Nigeria Air Force. It alleged that there have been so many reports of helicopters dropping weapons and provisions to bandits in their locations both in and out of Adara Chiefdom, advising that the Nigeria Air Force should speak on the incident to clear the air. It called on government and other people of conscience to come to the aid of their displaced and dehumanized people and expressed its outrage with the Kaduna State Governor for abandoning the people to the mercy of Fulani terrorists.