The Oyo State House of Assembly has said that it has passed no fewer than 86 bills into law. The assembly noted that these bills were passed into law by the lawmakers in the last three years. Chairman, House Committee on Information, Kazeem Olayanju made these disclosures on Friday. DAILY POST recalls that the 9th Oyo state House of Assembly was inaugurated on 9th June 2019. The inauguration saw the emergence of Adebo Ogundoyin who represents Ibarapa East constituency as Speaker while Muhammad Abiodun Fadeyi who represents Ona Ara Constituency was elected as Deputy Speaker. The house, which was inaugurated three years ago by Governor Seyi Makinde has, however, disclosed that it has passed 86 bills into law. The 32-member Oyo Assembly also disclosed that it has 148 resolutions to its credit. Olayanju, who spoke on behalf of his colleagues, explained that they were able to achieve the feat despite the fact that they belonged to different political parties. He added that some of the bills which have become law included Oyo State Investment Promotion Agency Bill, Oyo State Anti-Corruption Agency Bill, Oyo State Open Rearing and Grazing Regulation Bill and Violence Against Persons (Prohibition) Bill, Child Sexual Offences Bill. Olayanju in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, said what the lawmakers achieved in the last three years was a product of collective efforts. He said, “As we speak, we have over 86 bills and 148 resolutions to our credit. That is surely not a mean feat. It is a collective effort and the glory is for everyone of us. “Despite belonging to different political parties, we have been working harmoniously since our inauguration and the results are not only visible to the blind, they are also audible to the deaf. “Today makes it three years since we took oath of office as Oyo State House of Assembly lawmakers. Ours has been a wonderful, dynamic, cohesive and result-driven team and this is why we have broken the record as the Assembly with the highest number of bills and resolutions passed in the annals of history of our dear state. “We surely have a lot to showcase as members of the 9th Oyo State House of Assembly. And it is not out of place to mention that not less than 40 oversight functions were successfully carried out by the lawmakers in the last three years.”