A Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Charles Kalu, has advised the party’s leadership and the presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, to pick the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, as running mate for the 2023 presidential election. In a letter addressed to the PDP National Chairman, Dr. Iyorcha Ayu, at the party’s Wadata Plaza headquarters, Kalu argued that by coming second in the party’s presidential primary, Wike had demonstrated strength and capacity that would help the PDP garner more votes in the South-South geo-political zone as well as the South-East. He said: “He is such a leader capable of galvanising block votes for the party considering the degree of support and popularity he enjoys from the referred zone, including the South East. “PDP requires to get a running mate that commands greater portions of political relevance in order to achieve the desired end of winning the 2023 presidential election.” Kalu, who doubles as the National Coordinator, Peoples Democratic Party Coalition (PDPCO), noted that the All Progressives Congress (APC) had picked Asiwaju Bola Tinubu as its presidential flag bearer and that for the PDP to be able to assemble votes and make headway, a strong running mate had to be considered. According to him, “As we all know, Gov. Wike is one of the committed leaders that have truly worked and nursed the party to this peak and his being chosen to fly the flag with Atiku Abubakar will give the party an edge of emerging victorious in 2023. “What paves way for a party to win elections is the level of commitment the party leaders make in convincing and reaching out to Nigerians on manifestoes and visions for the nation. “As an ardent and purposeful leader, Gov. Wike’s choice will create wider chances of victory possibilities for the party.” He stressed that the 2023 general elections would call for proper and painstaking handling of things to avoid PDP making a wrong choice and then standing the risk of losing to APC. “Ahmed Bola Tinubu is a force in the west and for this reason, PDP needs a counter force to confront him in winning the heart of the people to vote for the party. “It is a known fact that when the right choice is made in any contest, chances of emerging the winner thrive. From the points made so far, it is obvious that our party must plan things well in order to get the expected result. “With Nyeson Wike as Atiku’s running mate, there is every likelihood that PDP will emerge the winner of the 2023 presidential election to the glory of God and the entire members of the party,” he added. DAILY POST recalls that INEC has given all the presidential flagbearers one week to produce their running mates, even as the respective party presidential flagbearers appear to be at a crossroad on who to pick as their running mates.