No fewer than eight members of the Oyo State House of Assembly who were elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have failed to secure return tickets of the party, investigations by DAILY POST have revealed. Our correspondent recalls that the eight lawmakers were elected to represent their constituencies during the 2019 general elections on the platform of PDP. DAILY POST, however, gathered that the eight lawmakers may not return to the state house of Assembly except if they secure tickets of other political parties ahead of the 2023 elections. This is because the lawmakers have failed to secure the tickets of PDP for another term. Our correspondent gathered that six of the PDP lawmakers who may not return to the 10th Assembly except they move to another political party are from Ibadan, the state capital. The remaining two are from Oke Ogun geo-political zone. The eight lawmakers who could not secure the PDP tickets, based on findings by DAILY POST include Ayotunde Fatokun, Akeem Obadara, Fola Oyekunle and Olamide Olagoke. Others are Abdullahi Ademola Rasak, Hakeem Adedibu, Francis Adetunji and Adebunmi Olayiwola. DAILY POST gathered that Fatokun is currently representing Akinyele 1 while Obadara is currently representing Ibadan North West. Oyekunle is currently representing Ibadan North 1 while Olagoke is currently representing Ibadan North East 1. Others include Rasak, who is currently representing Ibadan South East 1; Adedibu is currently representing Iwajowa; Adetunji is currently representing Oluyole; and Olayiwola is currently representing Oorelope. DAILY POST learnt that except they move to other political parties to secure their tickets, they may not return to the House in 2023. Publicity Secretary of PDP in the state, Engineer Akeem Olatunji, when contacted confirmed that some state lawmakers could not get return tickets. Olatunji, in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Friday, said that some of the lawmakers couldn’t get the return tickets due to zoning. He said, “Yes. it is true. All of them are on good terms with the governor. “It is not because of poor performance. Some of them lost the tickets due to zoning. And you know that every politics is local. “It is from their constituencies or local government areas”.