Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. An Akure High Court, yesterday, sentenced three killers of Mrs Funke Olakuri, daughter of the Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti, to death, either by hanging or firing squad. The fourth accused, Awalu Abubakar, was, however, discharged. 2. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo youth wing has warned politicians from the area to consider the present security situation in the South East as more paramount than lobbying to be nominated as running mates to presidential candidates. Chinedu Arthur-Ugwa, the South-South Coordinator for Ohaneze Ndigbo Youths, told reporters yesterday that the leadership of Ohanaeze should be allowed to dialogue for whatever position that will suit the Igbos. 3. The chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa, says the real estate sector remains a safe haven for money launderers. He spoke in Abuja, yesterday when he received the President of the Nigerian Institution of Estate Surveyors Valuers (NIESV), Emmanuel Wike. 4. Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, on Friday dismissed claims that he paid tribute to the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu. Soyinka disclosed this in a statement titled, ‘I did not pay tribute to Tinubu – Soyinka’’, which was issued by his spokesman, Abiola Owoaje. 5. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has ordered the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice to commence “diligent prosecution” of the illegal financial dealings of the former Rivers State Governor, Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in the state Tonye Cole, Sahara Energy and others over the sale of state assets. 6. Following his defeat in the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential primary by former Lagos State Governor, Bola Tinubu, the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, yesterday said he lost the battle for the presidential ticket, but not the war for new Nigeria. He stated this while speaking at the campaign office of The Progressive Project (TPP) in Abuja on Friday. 7. With a week to the June 18 Ekiti State governorship election, two major opposition parties, the Social Democratic Party and the Peoples Democratic Party, have raised the alarm over an alleged plot by the governing All Progressives Congress to harass their members on the election day to prevent them from voting. 8. Magistrate Ejiro Kubeinje of the Ikeja Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, on Thursday, ordered the remand of Sakiru Oladosu, 50, and Tola Rasaq, 40, for defiling and impregnating a 13-year-old girl. It was gathered that the defendants took the victim for an unlawful abortion after getting her pregnant. 9. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, has received a certificate of return following his emergence as the flagbearer of the party in the 2023 presidential election. The certificate of return was handed over to Obi on Friday. 10. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), says it is set to introduce the Unstructured Supplementary (USSD) code as part of steps to improve the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC). The Deputy Governor of the CBN, Kingsley Obiora, said this at the IMF African Department Speakers Series held virtually on Friday.