Mrs Kemi Elebute-Halle, the candidate of the Action Democratic Party (ADP), on Sunday rejected the results of Saturday’s governorship election in Ekiti State, saying the outcome will be challenged at the tribunal. She said that the victory of Mr Biodun Oyebanji of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the just concluded election was “tainted with vote-buying and corruption”. Elebute-Halle, in a statement signed on her behalf by Mr Femi Eponlolaye, the state chairman of the party in Ado-Ekiti, condemned the snatching of ballot boxes, vote-buying, and harassment of her party members. According to her, political thugs and members of a party in Ado-Ekiti, Oye-Ekiti, Ikole-Ekiti and Ilasa-Ekiti, among other areas, attacked supporters of her party. “The victory of Mr Biodun Oyebanji in the just concluded governorship election ordinarily would have been accepted by me, if the election had not been fraught by electoral malpractices. “In spite of various sensitisation programmes and media publicity against vote-buying, the APC, PDP and SDP actually promoted and encouraged corruption, both at the grassroots and the state levels. “Though, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has pronounced Oyebanji as the winner of this election, I, Kemi Elebute-Halle, hereby reject the results of this election. “It was not credible, neither was it free nor fair. His APC thugs destabilised my strongholds across the state, attacked our members, snatched and destroyed our ballot boxes. “All those votes, including those obtained by PDP, will be cancelled at the tribunal. “I want to use this medium to urge my followers not to be discouraged about the outcome of the election. “We shall continue to promote our great party, the ADP,” she said. Elebute-Halle, however, urged the international observers, the security agencies and INEC to continue to sensitise Ekiti electorate against vote-buying that has eaten deep into the electoral process. NAN reports that ADP polled 3,495 votes in the Saturday governorship election held in the state.