The Muslim Media Watch Group of Nigeria, MMWG, has described the Zamfara State Government’s directive to residents on the need to obtain guns to defend themselves against bandits’ invasion as “a step further to anarchy”. The state government had on Sunday, through a statement issued by the Commissioner for Information, Ibrahim Magaji Dosara, revealed that the government has concluded arrangements to facilitate residents to acquire basic weapons following the increase in the activities of bandits in various parts of the state. “Government has, henceforth, directed individuals to prepare and obtain guns to defend themselves against the bandits, as the government has directed the state Commissioner of Police to issue licences to all those who qualify and are wishing to obtain such guns to defend themselves. “Government is ready to facilitate people, especially our farmers, to secure basic weapons for defending themselves,” the statement reads in part. But reacting to the government’s action, MMWG said such an order could lead to anarchy and cause greater damage than the problem it was meant to solve. The group, in a statement issued by its national coordinator, Alhaji Ibrahim Abdullahi on Monday and made available to our correspondent in Abuja, said that “arms and ammunition are not like pencils and biros that school children purchase for literary activities.” While sympathising with Governor Mohammed Bello Matawalle and people of the state over recurring insecurity problems facing them, MMWG said the governor should have repeated his visit to the Inspector General of Police and the Chief of Army Staff with a view to asking them to review upwards their strategies in securing the state. “In fact, in an attempt to secure the state, Governor Matawalle was already running foul of the law instead of protecting the sanctity of our laws,” the group stated and therefore urged the governor to “reverse the order immediately to prevent more harm to the people.” It called on President Muhamnadu Buhari to deploy more security forces to Kaduna, Plateau, Zamfara, Sokoto and Benue States as well as Abuja in view of negative security reports emanating from these states and the Federal Capital Territory, FCT. The group also called for the dissolution of the Police Service Commission, PSC and reconstitution of a new one if the current one is failing to meet the nation’s need on manpower, training and re-training of police personnel, noting that low level of manpower is contributing heavily to the present insecurity situation in the country.