A 16-year-old boy, Uzairu Salisu, of Kwanan Gulmanmu Jahun in the Bauchi metropolis, has been found with his two eyes forcefully removed by an unknown suspect. The Bauchi State Commissioner of Police, Umar Mamman Sanda, who made this known in a press release signed by the command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, Friday morning, vowed to get to the root of the matter. The CP said that the police will ensure that culprits behind the dastardly act are brought to book to serve as deterrence for future occurrences. “At about 1800hrs a distress call was received from the ward head of Birshi Mohammed Lawal, that a Boy of about 16 yrs was found in his pool of blood with two of his eyes removed”, the police said. According to the CP, the boy was found at Dutsen Jira of Yelwa area, Bauchi metropolitan. DAILY POST reports that a team of policemen led by the DPO of Yelwa moved to the scene of the crime and evacuated the victim to Abubakar Tafawa Balewa Teaching Hospital Bauchi (ATBUTH) for treatment. He disclosed that “preliminary investigation reveals that the victim’s name is Uzairu Salisu ‘M’ of kwanan Gulmammu Jahun Quarters”. He added that the victim revealed that one Ibrahim of Rafin Zurfi, whom he had known for some time, lured him to the bush for a menial job on his farm where he used a cable wire to strangulate him before removing his two eyes. He further said that the victim is currently in the hospital receiving medical attention as demanded by the global best practices, assuring that, the general public would be updated as the investigation unfolds. The Commissioner of Police reiterates the need for parents and guardians to maintain strict vigilance of the activities of their wards. “It is pertinent now more than ever that the whereabouts of wards and the company they keep are constantly kept in check by all those responsible”, the CP advised. He appealed to community leaders, elders, and authoritative personnel to also keep an eye on happenings within their environment and ensure the needed intervention before situations degenerate. CP Umar Mamman Sanda enjoined the citizenry of the state not to relent in partnering with the police, especially with information, and to remain vigilant, and report any suspicious or abnormal movement to the police.