A man was late Sunday night beaten and eventually burnt to death at Chinade in Katagum Local Government Area of Bauchi State for allegedly stealing a motorcycle. This is even as the state Commissioner of Police, Umar Mamman Sanda, frowned at the incident and ordered an immediate investigation into what he described as a “barbaric and dehumanising act of jungle justice”. DAILY POST learnt that the victim had earlier in the day stolen the motorcycle at Hardawa market in Misau LGA and escaped. It was gathered that the youth subsequently trailed the victim to Chinade, which is not far from Hardawa. They were said to have raised an alarm which attracted a crowd. The crowd was said to have mobbed the victim and thoroughly beaten him to a pulp and later set him ablaze and watched him burn to death. Reacting to the incident, through a press release signed and made available to DAILY POST by the state police command spokesman, Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, CP Sanda ordered a thorough investigation into the incident. While reacting to the ugly incident, the state police boss frowned at the action of the irate youths, saying that instead of taking the suspect to the police for proper investigation and prosecution, they mobbed the suspect without any recourse to the law. According to CP Sanda, the action of the youth was not only barbaric but also “inimical to the law governing our dear country”. He, therefore, warned Bauchi State indigenes that the command under his stewardship would not allow some recalcitrants in the society take laws into their hands by killing suspects arrested for an alleged crime in such a dehumanising and unlawful manner. He declared that nobody had the right to treat a suspect in such a barbaric manner, stating that it was wrong for anyone to assume the position of a law enforcement agency. Sanda then stated that any suspect apprehended in connection with any crime should be immediately handed over to the police or any law enforcement agency “saddled with the responsibility of investigating and prosecuting such”. The Commissioner of Police then appealed to the general public to be calm, as “the police command is already mopping up those responsible for this gruesome act for possible prosecution”.