Political Awareness Group (PAG) has advised Nigerians who do not have Permanent Voters Card (PVC) not to complain of bad governance after the 2023 elections. Chairman of the group, Barrister Abdulwaheed Olowonjaye, made this declaration while speaking during a stakeholders’ conference organised by PAG in Ibadan on Sunday. The conference was attended by the Aare Musulumi of Yoruba land, Edo and Delta states, Alhaji Daud Akinola Makanjuola, who was represented by Alhaji Kazeem Eleta, Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Oyo State, Barrister Mutiu Agboke, APC senatorial candidate in Oyo Central District, Dr. Yunus Aknitunde and other personalities. Olowonjaye, while speaking at the conference which has the theme “2023 general elections: Nigeria Muslims decide”, explained that the motive of the conference was to awaken the consciousness of Nigerians Muslims to get their PVCs. He said that anyone who could not get his or her PVC before the 2023 elections should not complain of bad governance after the winners have emerged. He said that the PVC is the only power Nigerians have to change the country for good. Olowonjaye, while speaking further, enjoined the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to extend the registration deadline so as to allow those who have not register for their PVCs to do so. He advised those who will emerge as winners of the various elections in 2023 to deliver good governance. He said, “We are here today as we can see that Nigerians are preparing for 2023 elections. We want to awaken the consciousness of the Muslims. They should get their PVCs and vote for the right candidates. “We are technocrats and professionals. We want to know how Muslims are preparing for the elections. They should not complain of bad governance if they cannot get their PVCs. “This is the time to till the land, this is the time to sow the seeds. They should not complain. This is the time to prepare. If we want good governance, this is the time to sow the seeds. They should get their PVCs and vote during the elections. “I enjoin INEC to extend registration to allow all eligible voters to register. For there to be hitch free elections, ASUU strike should be addressed now. “Dear Candidates, Allah is the owner of throne; shun shirk. When you win deliver good governance. Democracy is a game of number.”