Mr. Akaolisa Ogbe, a former aspirant in the May 24, 2022 House of Assembly primaries of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Enugu State, has given details of how his life was nearly cut short by suspected political rivals. Ogbe, who said the grace of God saved him from the assassin’s bullets, told journalists that the experience had remained a sad tale for him. DAILY POST learnt that the victim bought forms to contest the ticket of the party for Enugu South Rural State Constituency. However, he was battling for his life during the primary election. He lamented that for over one month he stayed in the hospital, no member of the party’s leadership cared about him. The young politician from Amechi Awkunawnaw in Enugu South Local Government Area of the state, said that the incident occurred on April 16, 2022 during one of his routine ward visitations. He said that he had completed the visitation of nine wards in his constituency and proceeded to purchase fuel in one of the petrol stations in the area. “I was attacked while buying fuel in Amechi. It was a calculated assassination attempt but to the glory of God, I escaped with gun wounds and gunshots pelted all over my car. “I was bleeding profusely but managed to drive to a military checkpoint. By the time I got there, I was already weak and had to stop. “The military men took me to Niger Foundation Hospital, Enugu where I had the first surgery to stop the bleeding,” he said. Ogbe said that he spent over 38 days in the hospital, adding that several other surgeries were performed on him due to the seriousness of the injuries he sustained from the gunshots. He, however, said that it was sad that in spite of the deadly attack on him, the leadership of the PDP in the state had not shown any form of concern over the incident. “My annoyance is that I spent more than 38 days in the hospital and the party did not care about me, their aspirant. “If the party could treat me like this, what more the common man? I could not participate in the primaries because I was on hospital admission. “I know that the governor would have called me if he was aware of this because he is a good man. However, it would be bad if he was aware and did not show concern,” he said. Ogbe commended the youths that gave him their support, adding that he would continue the struggle to give them better lives. “I identify with their pains and will not give up in fighting for them. We are in this together,” he said. Ogbe said that in spite of the disappointing treatment he got from the party, “I still remain a member of the PDP and will work for the success of the party in the 2023 general elections. “I will formally complain to the party and seek an audience with the governor. “I urge the youths to get their Permanent Voter Cards and vote for our governorship candidate, Mr Peter Mbah because we need him to sanitize the State.” Meanwhile, efforts to get the reaction of the leadership of the PDP in the State failed as the Chairman, Mr Augustine Nnamani could neither take his call nor respond to a text message sent to him.