Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The House of Representatives has rejected a motion seeking to cause the National Assembly to override President Muhammadu Buhari’s veto on the amendment made to Section 84(8) of the Electoral Act 2022. The motion was earlier moved by Hon. Ben Igbakpa from Delta State. 2. The Nigerian Senate, yesterday, received the executive communication with the nomination of six names as replacements for ministers that resigned to contest the presidential election. In a letter read by the Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, President Muhammadu Buhari said the nominees would replace the former ministers that resigned from his cabinet. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari says the board of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) will determine Godwin Emefiele’s fate. He stated this while responding to questions posed by Bloomberg regarding the Central Bank’s independence. 4. Senator Philip Tenimu Aduda (FCT) was, yesterday, named as the new Minority Leader. Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, made the announcement in a letter he read during the plenary on Tuesday. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, linked oil theft and pipeline vandalism to the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Buhari in an interview, said the vandalism and oil theft carried out by IPOB is responsible for the shortfall of the daily production quota in Nigeria. 6. The Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, says Nigerians are no longer interested in the two top political parties in the country, the Peoples Democratic Party and the All Progressives Congress and are in search of an alternative. Obaseki, while speaking in an interview with African Independent Television on the just concluded Ekiti governorship election, further revealed that the future of politics in the country was changing. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has directed increased efforts through kinetic and non-kinetic means to bring the case of the kidnapped railway passengers in Kaduna State to a closure. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, announced the president’s directive Tuesday in a statement titled “President Buhari Directs Urgency in Dealing with Kidnapped Railway Passengers’ Case”. 8. Fuel scarcity worsened in Lagos, the Federal Capital Territory and other parts of the country on Tuesday, resulting in motorists spending hours at filling stations. For oil marketers, the solution to the worsening fuel queues across the country is for the Federal Government to approve an increase in the pump price of the commodity. 9. The Peoples Democratic Party presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, has set up a committee to pacify and woo the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike and some other aggrieved members of the party following the selection of his running mate. The initiative was instituted by Atiku based on the need to go into the 2023 general elections with a united front. 10. Cross River State Governor, Prof Ben Ayade, says the State will ensure the victory of the All Progressives Congress standard bearer, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, in the 2023 Presidential election and deliver 100 percent votes for him. He spoke yesterday while addressing the press in Calabar.