Niger State Commissioner of Police, CP Monday Bala Kuryas has described the promotion of 460 senior police officers of the command as a boost to the fight against banditry, terrorism, kidnappings and other criminalities and social vices in the state. Speaking with journalists shortly after the decoration, CP Kuryas said the promotion would serve as a catalyst for more work in combating crimes in the state. ” When you are in the paramilitary, any promotion like this gives you joy, you are motivated and given a higher responsibility. You are expected to do more than ever before. It will serve as a catalyst to go out and fight this insurgency such as banditry, terrorism, kidnappings and even armed robbery,” he stated Earlier, the commissioner charged the newly promoted senior officers of the command to justify their elevation to the next rank with good performance and professionalism Decorating the officers at the state police headquarters in Minna, Kuryas said out of 14, 307 senior officers promoted nationwide, 460 were from Niger state. The CP stated,” they were promoted as recommended by the Inspector General of Police, IGP Alkali Baba Usman and approved by the Police Service Commission as part of the IGP’s commitment to further improve the welfare of police personnel”. The CP was assisted in decorating the promotes by DC DFA DCP Shawulu E. Dan-Mamman fsi, DC OPS DCP Ali Hayatu Kaigama, DC SCID DCP Aboki Danjuma and other officers of the Command as one (1) CSP was promoted to the rank of ACP, 61 ASPs were promoted to the rank of DSP, 62 ASPII were equally confirmed to ASPI and 336 Inspectors promoted to the rank of ASP Those decorated include 2i/c Kotangora Area Command CSP Isah Adejoh who was decorated with the rank of Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP), while ASP Abdullahi Baba, ASP Auta Sunday, ASP Martins Wergba, ASP Usman Mohammed, ASP Ayuba Jika and ASP Sunday Peter were decorated with the rank Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Others are Inspr Anthony Bawa, Inspr Faruna Tijani, Inspr Elisha Chiroma, Inspr Danjum Ochimana, and Inspr Ladan Hussaini who were decorated with the rank Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP). Speaking on behalf of the newly promoted officers, the newly promoted Assistant Commissioner of Police, ACP, Isah Adejo said the promotion marks a new beginning for them and their families. He thanked the IGP Alkali Baba Usman and the state Commissioner of Police Monday Bala Kuryas and the management for considering them worthy of the promotion.