Due to recent surge in demand for Canadian Education, Carpa Education was appointed an official representative of Toronto Film School and Yorkville University in Nigeria. This will allow Nigerian Students to apply, get accepted and study in Canada. If you continuously study full time on campus for the majority of your courses and graduate, you may be eligible for a Post-Graduation Work Permit (PGWP), which offers a path to permanent residency in Canada. On the 18th of June, there will be an education fair featuring Toronto Film School and Yorkville University. The fair will be hosted by Ms. Korinn Rubis, Regional Manager Africa for Toronto Film School, Yorkville University. For students who attend the event with their documents, conditional offers will be given on the spot. Watch this video to learn more about all the application documents and requirements:   Available courses at Toronto Film School include Acting for Film, Fashion Design, Film Production. Graphic Design & Interactive Media, Marketing for Fashion & Entertainment, Video Game Design & Animation, Video Game Design & Development, Writing for Film & TV. Courses available at Yorkville University include Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Interior Design, Bachelor of Creative Arts and many more. Work during your studies International students are eligible to work on and off campus while studying full-time, and will qualify for a full-time work permit after graduation. You can work up to 20 hours a week while studying and full-time during scheduled breaks. Admission Requirements For Nigerian students, academic requirements include the following. Application Form/ Enrollment Agreement – To be provided by Carpa Education
Application Fee – $100 CAD or otherwise stated by Carpa Education is cases where there is a waiver.
Proof of citizenship / Passport ID
Interview With Admissions Advisor
Secondary School Certificate – WAEC and NECO accepted or equivalent  ENGLISH LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS : If you have the following english language requirements, you stand a better chance of being accepted to Toronto Film School as Toronto Film School accepts the following tests and programs as proof of English proficiency. TORONTO FILM SCHOOL’S ENGLISH PATHWAY PROGRAM
Level II
ACADEMIC IELTS – 6.0
TOEFL
iBT – 70
CBT – 196
PBT – 525 CELPIP
WRITING 5
LISTENING/SPEAKING 5
READING 6 CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH LANGUAGE ASSESSMENT – 162 But for Nigerians, exemptions can be considered in favor of a satisfactory score in WAEC Examinations AGE RESTRICTION Toronto Film School has no age limits for enrollment in any of the above diploma courses. ABOUT TORONTO FILM SCHOOL Toronto Film School at Yorkville University, New Brunswick welcomes international students from around the world. In fact, students from more than 35 countries have graduated from Yorkville University. Toronto Film School offers on-campus diploma programs, designed to fast track you for a career in entertainment, design, or video games. To reserve a seat at the fair, please call the following numbers TELEPHONE +2347088660078, +2348080808718, +2347088889366 or email edu@carpaeducation.com