A criminologist, Dr. Oludayo Tade, has advised governors of the South West region; Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Seyi Makinde (Oyo) Gboyega Oyetola (Osun) Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti), Dapo Abiodun (Ogun) and Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos) to, without wasting more time, rejig the security infrastructure of the region. Tade noted that the need for the southwest governors to wake up and rise up is necessary in order to address the security challenges in the region. Tade, who lectures at the Department of Sociology, University of Ibadan, made these disclosures on Sunday. Several people lost their lives while many were injured during an attack on a Catholic church in Owo in Ondo State. Tade has however advised the southwest governors to rejig the security infrastructure to avoid future attacks in the region. The don in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday also advised the government to assist the families of the victims of the attack. Tade while speaking further insisted that the killings must go beyond condemnation from the governors and federal government. He advised that southwest governors must rework the internal security framework in the region and protect her borders. He warned that the governors must not negotiate the lives of their people on the platter of politics. Tade while speaking further added that the Nigerian government must protect Nigerians but southwest governors must protect their zone from security threats and terror attacks. Tade said, “These killings must go beyond condemnation from the Governors and federal government. The southwest must rework its internal security framework and protect its borders. They must not negotiate the lives of their people on the platter of politics. “Victims of this crime must be assisted by the government while the criminals behind the attacks must be tracked, arrested, and prosecuted. “The responsibility to protect is the sole responsibility of government and failure to do that shows misfit. We cannot continue to compromise the safety of the lives of Nigerians while criminals have a field day. The security community should be alerted to a new wave of the kidnapping of priests. “Citizens must be protected to have trust in government. When people are not secure, they will run away from their places of residence, employ self help or become captured by criminals. “With 2023 around the corner, weapons and amunitions are being moved. And criminals are also migrating to other areas in the country including southwest. We cannot afford to compromise our zone. Government of Nigeria must protect Nigerians but southwest governors must protect their zone from security threats and terror attacks”.