A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Ayo Arise has congratulated the former governor of Lagos State and National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu (BAT) on his emergence as a Presidential candidate of the party. Senator Arise, in his congratulatory message, described Tinubu’s victory at the June 7, 2022 election as a product of hard work, long years of selfless service to humanity and divine intervention. The former legislator said the emergence of Tinubu was not unexpected looking at his immense contributions to the struggle for enthronement and sustenance of democracy in Nigeria. The APC chieftain, specifically thanked President Muhammadu Buhari, the National Chairman of APC, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, the Secretary of the party Senator Iyiola Omisore and other members of the National Working Committee (NWC) for organising the primary election. He equally commended Tinubu’s co-contestants, particularly those who stepped down for him as a mark of respect and honour for the great leader and pathfinder. The APC chieftain also commended the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo for running a decent campaign. Arise also acknowledged and commended the significant role played by the northern APC governors in ensuring that the gentleman agreement on power rotation between the North and South was not only honoured but pronounced. “I want to use this opportunity to congratulate our father, leader and mentor, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu (BAT) on his election as the APC Presidential candidate. Your contributions to the enthronement and sustenance of democracy and democratic ideals in Nigeria and some African countries cannot be underestimated. ” I salute those who contested with him for displaying the spirit of sportsmanship. I appreciate most especially the Chairman, Nigeria Governors 3(NGF) and governor of Ekiti State Dr Kayode Fayemi, the chairman of the APC governors forum, Governor Atiku Bagudu, Governor Abubakar Badaru, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, Senator Godswill Akpabio, Senator Ajayi Borroffice and others for showing patriotic zeal. ” I have no doubt in my mind that your emergence as the APC standard-bearer for the 2023 Presidential election is by popular demand looking at the margin of victory. It is my hope that the party shall leverage the goodwill you have built across the length and breadth of Nigeria to win more states and retain power beyond 2023 in the General Elections. Expressing confidence in the ability of the APC to win 2023 by selecting a very capable Vice Presidential candidate.