The Western Security Network Agency, Amotekun Corps, has stated that the letter declaring an All Progressives Congress (APC) aspirant as winner of a legislative primary election in Osun State did not originate from the agency. Making this known via a statement signed by Yusuf Idowu Abass, the spokesperson of Osun Amotekun Corps, the security outfit maintained that the letter is fake and the agency is not connected with it. According to the statement, “The attention of Osun Amotekun Corps has been drawn to a letter spreading around on social media where libelous allegations was made against Osun Amotekun Corps declaring one of the aspirants in the last APC House of Assembly Primary Election in Irewole/Isokan State Constituency as the winner. “We wish to inform the general public that Osun Amotekun Corps is not connected with such and the letter on the social media is fake and far from the truth. I want to urge the general public to disregard the propagandist spreading fake letter.” The statement, which stressed that no party can lay claim to the security outfit as it is non-partisan and belongs to the entire citizen of the State, added that Osun Amotekun Corps is an establishment of the law. It revealed that the publication was part of an orchestrated campaign of calumny aimed at damaging the reputation of Osun Amotekun Corps and to bring it into public infamy, scandal, scorn and contempt. “It has been noted that whenever criminal elements want to perpetrate their evil and their satanic plans, that is when they publish fake news. Our resolve to stamp out the criminals in the State is not negotiable. “The purported letter was not signed and it is without the Amotekun logo. Also, none of our officers is authorized for such without taking permission from the State headquarters. Meanwhile, the letter is false, the letter is aimed at denting the unbiased activities of Amotekun. “We, however, urge the promoters of the said letter to henceforth stop disseminating false information to the public,” it concluded.