The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said Chief Segun Showunmi and other aspirants claiming victory in parallel primary elections conducted in Ogun State are living in a fool’s paradise. The party on Thursday said the only gubernatorial candidate elected by the PDP in Ogun State is Hon. Ladi Adebutu and no one else. DAILY POST reports that Showunmi had on May 25 conducted a primary election where he was elected a factional governorship candidate. But, the PDP said it never conducted anything close to parallel congress anywhere. At a press conference held at the state secretariat of the party, the Ogun PDP Chairman, Sikirulahi Ogundele, said “anybody or group of persons hiding anywhere, claiming to have emerged as PDP candidate at any level of the party primary is merely living in fool’s paradise.” Ogundele, who was represented by the State PDP Secretary, Sunday Solarin, maintained that the opposition party in Ogun State “now cohabit, in total harmony under my able chairmanship.” Ogundele said the party recognised an individual’s right and liberty to proceed to court and seek legal redress against the party, saying, however, that they should take good cognizance of the interest of the party. His words: “On the directive of the National headquarters of our party, the Party conducted its primary elections, from the State House of Assembly all through to the gubernatorial primary, which was held at Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library, OOPL, as approved by the National Office on May 25th, 2022. This primary produced only one candidate for our party, and that is Hon. (Dr) Oladipupo Adebutu who emerged with 714 votes. “On the strength of the above, I dare say that all Party Primary elections took place at the Party’s approved locations/venues and same was duly monitored and observed by Officials of the INEC, Officers of the Nigeria Police and of course, other security agencies. By this, it goes to say and confirm that PDP in Ogun State NEVER conducted anything close to parallel Congress anywhere. “Anybody or group of persons hiding anywhere, claiming to have emerged as PDP Candidate at any level of the party primary in merely living in fool’s paradise. PDP, like I said earlier, now cohabit, in total harmony under my able chairmanship. “Ogun State, in particular, that PDP is the only Democratic platform that enjoys unflinching support, solidarity of the good people of Ogun State who have suffered all manners of agony and avoidable misery from the current misrule of the ruling APC government. “Before I conclude, we must say that we recognise and appreciate individual’s right and liberty to proceed to court to seek legal redress against the Party, I choose to advise them to take good cognizance of the interest of the party. “Having concluded the party’s robust national convention, the Party shall, in no time, present to the members of the public the list with detailed particulars and information of all its candidates for all elective positions and same shall be submitted to INEC and other relevant bodies for further actions.” Meanwhile, another governorship aspirant in Ogun, Jimi Lawal, had called for the cancellation of the PDP governorship primary in the state, alleging that the delegates list used for the election was fake.