Two persons suspected to have snatched a motorcycle have been burnt to death in the early hours of Thursday, at Ijokodo-Sango Area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The suspected bike snatchers met their waterloo in an attempt to carry out another criminal activity at the Ologuneru area of Ibadan according to an eyewitness account. They were allegedly burnt by a mob who happened to be bike riders at WAEC junction opposite LAPO microfinance bank. One of the eyewitnesses, who pleaded anonymity at the scene of the incident, stated that the suspected bike snatchers were three in number, claiming that the third person who had a gun in his possession managed to escape the scene. According to him, “The thieves were beaten mercilessly before the police officers arrived and took them in their car, on their way to the station one of them lost his life and the other was still alive but this made the police drop both of them in front of LAPO microfinance bank along WAEC junction. “Before they were dropped, the Okada men who caught the thieves had rained beating on them. They were following the Police vehicle, as soon as the Police dropped the thieves, the mob went ahead to get petrol and burnt both the one that was dead and the other one who was still battling with his life”. Another anonymous source claimed that “the thieves were chased from Ologuneru area to the spot where they were burnt, that they were three in number and the third person who escaped was the one with the gun. “It was the Okada men that carried out the jungle justice, when they caught them, they beat them mercilessly and the Police passed the scene without intervening, which prompted the Okada men to quickly burn them”. Another eyewitness claimed that they killed a bike man in his area on Tuesday and they collected his bike which he reportedly got on hire purchase. He added that his body was found today but he cannot really say if it’s these burnt thieves that killed the Tuesday bike man, but he loves the way they burnt them because all of them are the same thieves, and if not killed, they will continue to terrorise the society. The gory body of the burnt suspects were still at the scene at the time of filing this report and an effort to reach the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Oyo State Command, Adewale Osifeso, proved abortive.