A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Segun Showunmi, has appealed to those who lost their bids to become presidential and vice-presidential candidates to support the party ahead of the 2023 general elections. Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar emerged the PDP flag bearer for the party after a keen contest with the Governor of Rivers State Nyesom Wike. On Thursday, Atiku also, shocked many PDP leaders when he announced the Governor of Delta, Ifeanyi Okowa, as his running mate. Since the announcement, there have been reactions from some leaders of the party, who felt the former Vice President erred by ignoring the recommendation of a committee set up by the party in picking his running mate. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, Showunmi said, “For PDP in 2023, it is a settled matter. Our flag bearers are Waziri Atiku Abubakar, GCON, and HE Dr Ifeanyi Okowa. We have gone through a transparent and credible process to arrive at this.” He said loyal party men and women of the PDP must now consider what is in the best interest of the nation and the party. While alluding to the fact that individuals can have their preferences, who they campaigned for vigorously, he noted that “the matter is now settled.” Showunmi said, “there is no need to brood nor start to act irresponsibly, neither is it the time for disloyalty and crass opportunism against the party except you never really loved the party.” The Ogun governorship hopeful reminded the party faithful that there is “a serious campaign ahead and all wits and skills will be needed. ”There is a need for unity for party and country. People must be gallant in victory and humble when things don’t go their way. The umbrella is big enough to accommodate every one of us as Nigerians and as party men and women. What is before us is a situation that calls for sober reflections and measured actions and utterances. “I encourage you all with the following words titled when things don’t go your way, you will be changed by what happens to you, but you don’t have to be reduced by it. “Flexibility in life is crucial. Sometimes, the best moments happen unplanned and the greatest regrets happen by not reaching exactly what was planned. “It is our thinking that holds us back more than anything else. There’s no reason to imprison yourself. Don’t think outside the box. Think like there is no box. “The discontent and frustration you feel is entirely your creation. “Unexpected events may create physical pain, but they do not in themselves create suffering. Emotional resistance creates suffering. Stress happens when your mind resists what is. Thus, the only real problems in your life are your mind’s resistance to life as it unfolds. (Read Loving What Is.) “All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle. Your mind is that candle, and it’s up to you to keep it lit. “True strength is when you have so much to cry and complain about, but you prefer to smile and appreciate your life instead. “Many experiences are inherent in life – change, birth, death, ageing, illness, accidents, and losses of all kinds – but these events don’t have to be the cause of ongoing suffering. Yes, these events can cause heartache and stress, but heartache and stress will pass, and like everything else, are replaced with other experiences. The ego, however, clings to negative thoughts and feelings and, as a result, magnifies and sustains these emotions while it simultaneously ignores the subtle feelings of joy, gratitude, excitement, adventure, love, and peace that also exist. When we dwell on these positive states at least as much as we generally dwell on our negative thoughts and painful emotions, our lives become far more fulfilling. “You are stronger than your sadness. Say it out loud: “I will be stronger than my sadness.” “One of the best times for figuring out who you are and what you really want out of life is after the reality of a big disappointment. “Reflect on these and have peace, knowing that all loyal party members are the winners for we have once again demonstrated that we are the best in Nigeria when and carry the greatest hope for Nigerians.”