The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Benue State, has asked the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), to steer clear from the rescheduled primaries of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in the state, describing it as “illegal”. APC national headquarters had transmitted a letter to INEC headquarters, Abuja, informing the umpire that it would hold primaries in 12 out of 23 local government areas of the state, since the gubernatorial primaries earlier held by the party was canceled. The letter written on the 7th June, 2022 and was received by INEC on the 9th June, 2022, was signed by Senator Abdullahi Adamu and Iyiola Omisore, National Chairman and Secretary, respectively. In the said letter, a copy of which was sighted by this newspaper, APC said it would be holding primaries in the affected areas for both governorship and House of Assembly on Wednesday 8th and Thursday 9th June, 2022, though the letter was acknowledged, a day after the rescheduled primaries. The PDP, in its letter to the Resident Electoral Commissioner of INEC, Benue State, on Thursday and signed by Hon. (Sir) John Ngbede and Hon. John Nyam (Ph.D), Benue Chairman and Secretary respectively, cited various sections of extant laws to buttress violations of guidelines by the APC, while citing similar scenario in Imo PDP where INEC turned down invitation to honour party Congress. “It has come to our knowledge that, the All Progressives Congress (APC) has rescheduled the conduct of her Governorship/State Assembly Primaries for Wednesday/Thursday (08-09/06/2022) in twelve (12) out to the twenty-three (23) local government areas in the state, (see Appendix ‘A’ as attached). “The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Benue State Chapter, hereby protests this conduct for the following reasons. “It violates Article 1.2 of the Commission’s (INEC) Regulations and Guidelines for Political Party Operations which requires at least seven (7) days’ notice for such exercise. In effect, the All Progressives Congress (APC) had violated Section 148 of the Electoral Act, 2022 which empowers the Commission (INEC) to issue regulations, guidelines or manuals for purpose of giving effect to the provisions of the Act and for its administration; “We state on good authority that there is no correspondence from the INEC headquarters in Abuja instructing your office to monitor the rescheduled primaries; “Refer to INEC’s letter to PDP in respect of Imo State rescheduled Congresses which ordered for compliance with the above cited provision. (Attached as Appendix ‘B’)”, the letter reads in part. The PDP further stated that, “on account of the above cited violations of the Electoral Act and INEC guidelines, we pray that your office should steer clear of monitoring the illegal exercise by the APC in Benue State”. It would be recalled that, the APC guber appeal panel had last week, recommended the outright cancelation of the primaries held at the state on the 28th May, 2022, following multiple petitions and presentations by majority of the contestants before the appeal, alluding that there was no primaries. Subsequently, the opposition party rescheduled primaries to be held in Ogbadibo, Okpokwu, Apa, Agatu, Ado, Ohimini, Oju, Obi, Konshisha, Buruku, Kwande and Ushongo local government areas of the state between Wednesday and Thursday. Meanwhile, the election umpire is waiting for all political parties to submit list of candidates before 12 midnight of Thursday, 9th June, 2022.