An Osogbo resident, Mrs Mofoluwake Abiodun has narrated how some suspected herdsmen attacked her and a commercial motorcyclist on Sunday, June 12, 2022, in Osogbo. Mrs Abiodun in an interview said she was on a commercial motorcycle around 8pm, coming from an event at Salahundeen, Buketi area of Osogbo when she noticed another motorcycle trailing them. In her words, “I was coming from an event around Salahudeen, Buketi area in Osogbo. I noticed a motorcycle trailing behind me. Immediately I noticed the movement, I told the commercial motorcyclist conveying me to accelerate faster. As we were about to access the small bush around Salahudeen, the motorcycle trailing us rammed into ours. “All I could see was that myself and the bike man that carried me were already on the ground and the Fulani man who hit us and his colleagues who came out from the bush started cutting us with cutlass, axe and sticks. “At a point, I heard a gunshot. Unfortunately, the commercial motorcyclist who was conveying me gave up the ghost. I was struggling on the ground because one of my thighs has broken into two. “I struggled to hide myself under the small bush because they were looking for me after they have killed the commercial motorcyclist. As God will have it, a car was coming, and that was when they ran away. “I started calling for help. Fortunately, a motorcyclist came to my rescue. It was the motorcyclist who carried me. “Later, we met some police officers who carried me but unfortunately, no hospital was around the place. The officers were the ones who took me to a Hausa man who started my treatment. Though he said he’s not going to continue the treatment if I didn’t bring a substantial amount of money.” Mrs Abiodun who said she is a fashion designer and a single mother called on the security agencies, especially the Osun State Police Command to increase surveillance as she is sure Fulani herdsmen have infiltrated the state. Meanwhile, the Osun State Police Command spokesperson, Yemisi Opalola has confirmed the incident. She told DAILY POST in a phone conversation that investigations were ongoing to unravel the case and hunt down the perpetrators.