A close ally of former Governor Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun State, Hon. Adekunle Akinlade, has dumped the All Progressives Congress (APC). Akinlade said his decision to dump the party was as a result of the failure of the national leadership of the APC to settle the rift within the party in Ogun. Akinlade, in a letter addressed to the State Chairman of the APC, the former House of Representatives member maintained that he could not in good conscience continue to participate in a process that is characterised by injustice. “This is to formally notify you of the resignation of my membership from the All Progressives Congress, APC. “This decision became necessary because of the failure of the National Leadership of the Party to intervene fairly in the internal crisis rocking the Ogun State APC. “As a principled and forthright individual, I cannot in good conscience continue to participate in a process that is devoid of justice,” he said. Mr Akinlade described as unfortunate that despite his loyalty and efforts to prevail on the party for justice and fairness, the national leadership of the party led by Abdullahi Adamu “has continued to ignore our pleas and complaints that bother on the lopsided state congresses, Local Government elections, party executive elections, the delegate list, and recent party primaries.” He also mentioned that the failure leadership of the APC in Ogun “to uphold the sharing formula as agreed by the various stakeholders and parties” as one of the reasons for leaving the party. Akinlade is yet to announce his next move as the 2023 elections draw nearer. But there are speculations that the Ipokia-born politician might be heading to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Akinlade left the APC in 2019 to contest the governorship election under the platform of the Allied People’s Movement (APM) as the fall out of the party’s primary election. The then Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee of the APC had recognized Prince Dapo Abiodun as the party’s flagbearer, preventing Amosun from having Akinlade as his successor. After the election in 2019, Akinlade returned to the APC alongside his followers. He obtained the party’s nomination form in 2022, but he was said to have scored zero in the election won by the incumbent Gov Abiodun. 