The Police in Imo State have confirmed that three persons out of the five reportedly shot by bandits operating in a red Toyota Sienna vehicle without registration number died on the spot while two others sustained various degrees of bullet wounds. The victims were reportedly having a meeting in Okporo, Orlu local government area of Imo state, on Thursday when the gunmen attacked. The police in a statement made available to journalists on Sunday by its spokesperson, Micheal Abattam said the two victims who sustained bullet wounds were rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment while the corpses were later recovered and deposited in the mortuary. The police said ‘” Following a report received on 16/6/2022 at about 0800 hours, that armed bandits operating in a red Toyota Sienna vehicle without registration number attacked and shot five persons and drove off almost immediately to an unknown destination in Umuebele Okporo in Orlu, Imo State. The Commissioner of Police, Imo Command, CP Mohammed Ahmed Barde, immediately dispatched the Command’s Tactical Teams to the area. “On arrival, preliminary investigation revealed that they were having a meeting in front of their compound, when suddenly some yet to be identified gunmen stormed the venue, shot at them severally and zoomed off almost immediately to an unknown destination.” The release said,” police investigation is ongoing, the community and its environment have been fortified with more security personnel. The police assured that it is working in collaboration with other security agencies to ensure that the perpetrators of this dastardly act are arrested and made to face the full wrath of the law. The Commissioner of Police while commending the Okporo community for their steadfastness and support, assured them of the Command’s commitment to ensuring that terrorism and other violent crimes are brought to their barest minimum in the state. The police boss further appealed to Imolites to go about their lawful businesses without fear or molestation as calm has been restored in the community.