Bayelsa State Governor, Senator Douye Diri, has inaugurated the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Reconciliation Committee in the state, as part of efforts to reconcile aggrieved members after the party’s recent House of Assembly and National Assembly primaries. Senator Diri, who mandated the committee to ensure all aggrieved persons are reached and all aggrieved issues addressed, inaugurated the committee on Tuesday during a meeting with candidates, party leadership, and others in Government House, Yenagoa. He stressed that having concluded the primaries, it was imperative for all members to close ranks and work for the victory of the party in the 2023 elections. The governor also congratulated all the candidates and party officials for the successful conduct of the primaries. While urging the candidates to be humble, Senator Diri stressed the need for them to reach out to their opponents to ensure that they work harmoniously for the party to win all the state and national assembly seats in the elections. The governor also charged the candidates to shun politics of violence and thuggery, urging them to sensitize voters. He said “We are inaugurating the reconciliation committee, which is a standing committee, as enshrined in the constitution of our party. It is to address fallouts and the outcome of our party’s primaries and see how best we can continue to remain as a party and put our best foot forward to ensure we are victorious come 2023. “Our candidates have work to do. You all need to be humble. Please embrace your opponents. Your ability to win them over makes you a better politician because they might be the rock to salvage you.” Senator Diri, who described members of the committee as credible and very senior officials of the party, charged them to approach their assignment with the utmost responsibility to unite the party. While expressing gratitude to aspirants that voluntarily withdrew from the primaries, the governor announced the reinstatement of those who resigned their appointments to contest and urged them to support their candidates. According to him, “the umbrella is big enough to accommodate all those who did not make it in the primaries. “I like you to join forces with them. Out of the 24 state Assembly seats, we need to take back the remaining four. Be reconciliatory in your approach to also win the federal constituency seats.” Responding on behalf of the members, the chairman, Senator Rufus Inatimi-Spiff, thanked the governor for the confidence reposed in the committee and assured him that they would carry out their mandate with utmost responsibility. Chairman of the committee is Senator Rufus Inatimi-Spiff while Mr Austin Lugbenwei, is to serve as his deputy with Hon. Victor Vianana as secretary. Other members are, Chief Theophilus Moses, Dr. Andrew Ebakpa, Prof. Tarilah Tebepah, Chief Bright Erewari, Hon, Elliot Osomu, Rtd Maj. Zedekiah Isu, Dr. Ayakeme Whiskey, Hon. James Agari, Dr. Godwin Ziriki, Elder Adolphus Forcados, Mr Natus Zebakeme, Barr Francis Ikio and one female each to represent the three senatorial districts.