The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said the silence of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Sunday’s gruesome terrorist attack and killing of innocent worshippers at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State, confirmed its stand on the ruling party’s complicity in the terrorist attack across the country. PDP also berated President Muhammadu Buhari for what it described as a lame and disconnected press statement. The opposition party in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, Monday, said the statement by the presidency did not demonstrate any Presidential empathy, concern, assurances, and commitment expected of a Commander in Chief. PDP also described the statement as feeble and insensitive, adding that “the statement by the Presidency is a further confirmation of the tacit sympathy for terrorism by the APC administration”. The statement partly read, “this is because in saner climes the President would personally address the nation on the gruesome murder of many citizens under his care. President Muhammadu Buhari’s silence is deafening and points to allegations in the public space that terrorists are enjoying tacit accommodation from the highest level of the APC administration. “It is indeed unpardonable that as terrorists were murdering our citizens in Owo, President Buhari was busy in the comfort, luxury and safety of the Presidential Villa, having dinner with APC leaders and conducting political meetings aimed at perpetuating APC’s fraudulent, insensitive, inhumane and vicious government on hapless Nigerians. “Such actions by the APC and President Buhari, who has woefully failed in his promise to lead the fight against terrorism from the front, continue to embolden terrorists to carry out more terrible attacks on our citizens. “The inexcusable stance of the APC also lends credence to the fears already expressed by Nigerians that there is planned orchestration of crisis by the APC in various parts of the country to derail the scheduled 2023 general elections.” PDP also said the APC has never forcefully condemned terrorist attacks in Nigeria since the revelation that the party allegedly imported outlaws from neighbouring countries to assist it to rig the 2019 general elections. PDP challenged the APC to come clean on the allegation that they are supporters of terrorists. The opposition party also called on Nigerians not to despair but remain united and on alert. Ahead of the 2023 general elections, PDP pledged to rescue and rebuild the nation from the misrule of the APC.