A former member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Bimbo Daramola has described as untrue the allegation by the Biodun Oyebanji Campaign Organisation that he masterminded the killing of a commercial driver in Itaji Ekiti, Oye Local Government Area of Ekiti State on Saturday. The Director of Media and Publicity of the Biodun Oyebanji Campaign Organisation, Rt. Hon. Taiwo Olatunbosun, had in a statement made available to journalists alleged that Daramola led thugs who attacked members of the APC, which led to the killing one person, leaving several others in critical condition. Olatunbosun further alleged that, “It is very disturbing that Daramola was seen by eyewitnesses personally leading thugs parading as security officials, and instructed them to shoot directly at our members in Itaji-Ekiti.” Dismissing the allegation, Bimbo Daramola, who had just defected from the ruling APC to the SDP told journalists that the allegation was nothing but an attempt to frame him up and prevent him from participating in the June 18 governorship election due to his strength of mobilization. Daramola said: “let me begin by saying that I am getting increasingly disappointed with the way things are turning out politically in Ekiti State. “I couldn’t have imagined in my life that Olatubosun could degenerate into such level of peddling fake news against my person. “It is obvious that the APC is trying to get me off track just like the party had threatened over time in the run up to this election that they will intimidate and take people out of circulation and that is exactly what is happening now.” Bimbo Daramola noted that APC had found out that the people don’t want them any more, hence they now resort to cheap blackmail, which he said would not make the people change their minds. “It is a clear fact that Segun Oni team had been attacked several times by APC and people have also been harassed by APC members in Efon, Ayedun, among others,” he said. Giving his account, Daramola explained that Segun Oni and his team were holding a meeting with some traditional rulers at the palace of the Onitaji of Itaji Ekiti when they started hearing gunshots and everybody was panicking. The former federal lawmaker described his principal, Segun Oni as a mature, decent and peace-loving politician who had tried to avoid several political provocations from the ruling party. According to him, right at the palace, the monarchs got a call that the town was not safe hence Segun Oni was asked to round off hurriedly. He said it was when they got out of the palace that the security aide of Segun Oni briefed him that the sporadic gunshots were from some hoodlums loaded in busses who attempted to invade the palace but were repelled by security agents and people of the community who love SDP. “Was Bimbo Daramola at Efon? Was he at Ayedun and other places where crisis had been recorded? I have been a DG before and I can confirm to you that any campaign that reacts like the way APC is doing, is definitely under pressure. “They cannot use me to get into the heart of Ekiti people,” Daramola said. Meanwhile, Ekiti State Police Command through its spokesperson, DSP Sunday Abutu had confirmed that there was a clash earlier on Saturday around Itaji-Ekiti between members of opposition parties. Abutu said investigation to unravel what transpired and the number of casualties, as well as the possible arrest of culprits, had commenced.