There appears to be panic among residents of Sangama community in Brass Local Government Area of Bayelsa State, over a dangerous chemical and gas leakage from the OML 59 field operated by ConOil drilling rig Adriatic 1 at Otuo field. DAILY POST learnt that the recent incident is the second within Seven months particularly on November 1st 2021 but no life has been reported lost. DAILY POST also gathered that immediately the dangerous leakage was noticed, the company evacuated all workers on the platform. The Chairman of Sangana Community Development Committee, Comrade Reuben Preboye, while confirming the development, said “Thank God no life was recorded to have lost” He said, “Similar incident occurred November 1, 2021 but issues surrounding that disaster have not been settled as the company is adamant over it. “We are deeply worried over such incessant oil, gas and chemical spillage on the OML 59 field operated by CON-OIL and indigenous oil giant on regular basis as if it is normal when not normal at all. This is water, air and environmental pollution.” “Our livelihoods and aquatic lives are greatly affected. Health-wise we are in danger, we are, therefore, calling on Governor Douye Diri of Bayelsa State to please without hesitation take up this matter with federal authorities to swing into action.” Also commenting on the development, the chairman of Sangana Fishing Union, Noel Ikonikumo, said that the gas was just oozing out from the rig spreading fast into the sea and blowing into the community. “If care is not taken, from now, on there will be fire in that palace. Conoil has started evacuating their workers now. On Saturday, a vessel that came to supply the rig that had a problem before fell down and the chemical in the vessel and other things poured into the ocean. The chemical flew from the sea to the shore. And that one happened on Saturday morning.” Another indigene, Ayibatonye Benjamin, said, “Another blow out has happened again to the same rig. It is just happening now and they are evacuating their people. All calls put across to the Public Relations Officer of Conoil, Richard Edegbai proved abortive as he didn’t take his calls as at the time of filing in this report.”