A non-governmental organisation has called for the planting of more trees to balance the ecosystem and mitigate the effects of climate change in conflict-affected communities of Borno State. Executive Director, Health Care Development Focus Initiative (HECADF), Mrs.Agnes Bashir stated this while inaugurating a Peace Club and tree planting campaign at Kamselem Primary School Maiduguri. She said it was pertinent to plant more trees to avert an imbalanced ecosphere and to address environmental solutions and drought in the northern part of the state. Mrs Agnes explained that the project is aimed at creating awareness and providing support to local communities in the conflict-affected areas to be able to live in peace with each other. “This constant tree felling has caused an imbalance and there are impending dangers if we don’t plant trees in Borno, we are having lesser rainy seasons, and we must rise to undo these errors. “Government need to set up law prohibiting the felling of trees, because the more we have trees, the healthy our society becomes. “Trees take in carbon dioxide and give out oxygen and animals take in oxygen and give out carbon dioxide. Tree planting helps in balancing the ecosystem. “What tree planting will do is to help increase the number of oxygen producers, thus making the air cleaner and safer.” Mrs. Agnes warned. She added that twelve (12) Secondary Schools in four Communities of Maiduguri Metropolitan Council (MMC) and Konduga local government were selected for the trees plantings project. The Education Secretary, Maiduguri Metropolitan Council (MMC), Shettima Ali Fugu emphasized peaceful coexistence among the Members of Peace Clubs asking them to promote tree planting in their domains. In his remarks, Chairman SUBEB who was represented by Director School Services, Ali Bukar Dogo said tree planting is an aspect which greatly contributes in mitigating the effect of Climate change and commended the NGO for the feat. An Environmental Expert, Usman Aliyu had while affirming the importance of tree planting said indiscriminate cutting of trees and other ecological hazards emanated as a result of the negative human activities, which also culminated in the shrinking of Lake Chad among others. Usman Aliyu also tasked members of the Peace Club which was comprised of students to plant trees in their school and also explained how to maintain them till they grow.