The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has arrested seven suspects and seized 37.67kg of pure cocaine worth N684 million in Rivers. The NDLE Commander at Port Harcourt International Airport, Mr Isaac Oludare, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday. According to Oludare, the command seized 37.67 kg of pure cocaine and arrested five suspects and two accomplices at the airport. The commander said that the suspects were Brazilian returnees. He said that one of the suspects was an ex-convict who just served his jail term in Brazil, but came back to Nigeria with illicit drugs. Oludare added that another suspect was currently standing trial before a Federal High Court in Lagos on alleged importation of cocaine. “These drugs were concealed in a way that you understand that it is a factory work. They were carefully packaged in a cream, plastic bottles of perfume, tires of lounge mower for cutting grass and sealed. “We have finished investigations on the suspects and they are remanded and prosecution is ongoing,” he said. Oludare stated that the command in the last three months had recorded tremendous success in arrest and seizure of illicit drugs. According to him, the command has also conducted public enlightenment on the dangers of drug trafficking and abuse. He added: “We have met with different groups within the airport – the Domestic Agent Cargo Association, the airport community – telling them about the dangers and consequences of drug abuse. “We are collaborating with the Federal Airport Authority (FAN) to sensitise students who come on excursion to the airport on the dangers of drug abuse and drug trafficking. “We have been able to sensitise 90 different schools and 5,500 students, starting from FAN Staff School to other primary, secondary and university students, telling them about drug abuse, the dangers and consequences.” Oludare called for collective efforts from stakeholders and the public to tackle the menace of drug abuse and trafficking in the country. He urged the public to stay away from illicit drugs to avoid mental and psychological ill health. The commander also urged parents to seek help for their children involved in drugs at the NDLEA correctional centres.