Governor Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun State has described the victory of Biodun Oyebanji, the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Saturday’s Ekiti election, as well-deserved and sweet. Oyetola, while also rejoicing with citizens of Ekiti State for keeping faith with the APC by voting en masse for the party, added that the outcome of the exercise was a true reflection of their wishes and aspiration. The Osun governor who made this known on Sunday in a congratulatory message signed by Ismail Omipidan, his Chief Press Secretary, also felicitated the incumbent Governor of Ekiti, Kayode Fayemi; National Chairman of the APC, Abdullahi Adamu; leaders and supporters of the party. He equally commended President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Leader and presidential candidate of the APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, for his support and contributions to the triumph of the party and its candidate in the just concluded election. According to the governor, “I am confident that the governor-elect would reciprocate the Ekiti electorate gesture by delivering quality governance and numerous dividends of democracy to the people of the state. “On behalf of my family, government, and the good people of Osun, I congratulate the governor-elect of Ekiti State, Biodun Oyebanji, on his victory at the governorship election held yesterday. I also congratulate Governor Kayode Fayemi, the National Chairman of our great party, the APC, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, leaders and supporters of the party on this well-deserved and sweet electoral victory. “With his antecedents and varied leadership experiences, Mr Biodun Oyebanji is no doubt a worthy successor to Governor Fayemi. I am confident that he will not disappoint the people of Ekiti.” The governor also lauded the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), for enhancing the credibility of the electoral process; the security agencies, political parties, and their candidates, and the people of Ekiti for the peaceful and successful conduct of the election.