Reactions have continued to trail bandits’ attack on worshipers in Kajuru on Sunday. DAILY POST reports that bandits had attacked worshipers at St. Moses Catholic Church, Robuh, Ungwan Aku in the Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State on Sunday, killed three persons and kidnapped scores. Residents of the State are still expressing shock over the incident, which they described as barbaric. According to Pastor Moses Idoko, General Overseer, Jesus Revolutionary Ministry, the attack showed that bandits were only imported into the country to wipe out Christians. Moses, who wondered what Christians had done to warrant the killing right inside the church, appealed to the relatives of the deceased to remain calm. He said Christians were facing persecution from every direction in Nigeria, especially in Kaduna State, for just no cause, as most of the attack doesn’t attract sympathy from the Government. “Since the attack on the Christian community in Kaduna State, there has been no response from the State or the Federal government,” he said. He said the attack, which came after a similar incident in Owo, Ondo State, was an indication of a deliberate plot to wipe out Christians. Reverend Josiah Aboleme of Omega Church, Barnawa expressed pain over the killing of Christians. According to him, every Christian must rise and continue to pray. “As Christians, we have no arms and ammunition. Our weapons are prayers, fasting for God to touch the hearts of those enemies of Christ. “The attack on churches and worshipers is directly an attack on Jesus himself. Allow God to revenge; the only thing we as Christians do, is to keep praying to God,” he said He assured Christians that those who attacked the body of Christ would never go free, as they must surely pay for their evil deed. Also, an elder of Baptist Church, Kakuri, Elder Moses Joseph said jealousy and hatred were behind the bandits’ attacks on Christians. On his part, Pastor Owolabi of Living Faith Church, Barnawa Kaduna, who rained curses on the perpetrators, said their days were numbered. “You can’t come to the anointed church of God, kill and go scott-free. God will surely expose them,” he declared. Also reacting, Pastor Reuben Madaki of Good Shepherd Church, Trikania, Kaduna lamented the increased cases of attacks towards Christians. “I cannot fathom what is happening, as unarmed people are the target. What are they going to achieve with all these killings here?” He queried.