Onyekwere Akym Uche, the 2023 Governorship candidate of Action Alliance (AA) in Abia State, has congratulated the people of the state and Nigeria at large on the occasion of the celebration of 2022 Democracy Day on Monday. In a statement issued to journalists in Umuahia, on Monday, Akym Uche said Nigeria has attained the age of a full-fledged democratic nation and has achieved immensely in deepening democracy through the formulation and implementation of meaningful policies and programmes that have tremendously enhanced human, economic and infrastructural development. He admitted that in as much as the country is making efforts in deepening the democratic process, enough is needed to be done in curbing security problems and other fundamental challenges bedevilling many parts of Nigeria. He also regretted the inability of relevant government authorities to quell the unwarranted and worsening destruction of lives and properties of the citizenry by Boko-Haram, bandits, kidnappers dreaded herdsmen etc. According to him, “Governments at all levels in Nigeria must redouble their efforts at combating acts of criminality. Nigerians are being killed like domestic animals on a daily basis, and our government has not made progress in fighting Insecurities”. Akym Uche continued, “in Abia State, successive administrations have not done well to deepen the democratic process, through catering and enhancing human development, economic growth and infrastructural development, and these have continued to deprive the state huge local and foreign business investments. “As we celebrate democracy day, patriotic leaders at all levels in Abia State must rise up to the occasion and close ranks, and as well, join hands towards fashioning out workable ways to restore lost glory of Abia State. Abia has lost her dignity and a place in history because of the insensitivity of those entrusted with the mandate of the people, with the state ranking in all indices, the least bad state in the area of Infrastructural deficits”. On his emergence as Action Alliance (AA) Gubernatorial standard-bearer in Abia State, Onyekwere Akym Uche, assured the Abia electorates of effective and result-oriented leadership to change the narrative in the governance of the state. He reiterated his promise to deepen the democratic process through the execution of durable, gigantic and lives-impacting projects, policies and programmes to complement the efforts of patriotic individual Abians who are desirous of genuine development of Abia State. Akym Uche further used the medium to urge all eligible Abian citizens who have attained 18 years and above to obtain their Permanent Voter Cards (PVC) to enable them to elect credible leaders at all levels of governance, to steer the helms of affairs of Abia State come 2023.