The House of Representatives candidate under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Abeokuta South, Ogun State, Chief Toyin Amuzu, has said the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has no solution to the myriad of problems facing the nation. According to Amuzu, Nigerians, especially the unemployed, the aged, the sick, people with disabilities, nursing mothers and orphans, are supposed to enjoy a social security scheme that will protect them and accord them access to free health care and guarantee income security. However, he regretted that Nigerians of all ages and status are living like slaves in their own land due to hunger occasioned by abject poverty. The PDP candidate spoke on Monday while dressing newsmen as part of activities marking the 2022 Democracy Day. Amuzu condemned the spate of killings, kidnapping, hunger, soaring prices of commodities, power outage, economic downturn among other issues confronting the nation. According to him, the APC government led by President Muhammadu Buhari has “failed Nigerian students and their parents for not doing enough to end the lingering strike of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU).” “The ruling All Progressives Congress does not have the capacity to create any solution to the myriad of problems confronting the nation. It has lost control of effecting any positive change. No good government would continue watching its citizens suffering and being killed or kidnapped,” Amuzu lamented. While stressing the need for government to protect its citizens and ensure their wellbeing at various levels, Amuzu assured that the social security initiative would be one of the major schemes that would be legislated on if given the opportunity to be at the National Assembly. Speaking on the annulled June 12, 1993 presidential election reportedly won by the late MKO Abiola, the Egba chief said: “June 12 was quite symbolic in the history of Nigeria’s civil rule, thus the need to remember the late symbol of Democracy, Chief Moshood Kashimawo Olawale Abiola, his wife Kudirat Abiola and other martyrs of Democracy who laid down their lives by associating with the people.” He maintained that being a Nigerian should not be a curse but a blessing, advising that the people must be put first in everything. He enjoined those in power to imbibe the good spirit of Abiola and actualise the good plans he had for the nation through poverty eradication. The PDP candidate appealed to the electorate to vote in credible and responsible people to lead them if they must enjoy good governance, asking them not to lose hope in the nation. He also advised Nigerians to shun sentiments and know those who are their friends, as well as leaders who are genuinely committed to the betterment of the people and have good intentions for the communities.