It was all glamour, glitz and fanfare at the Head of Office of Nigerian Breweries Plc in Iganmu, Lagos, as the trio of Flavour N’abania, Yul Edochie and Phyno renewed their brand ambassador contracts with Life Continental Lager Beer. As a leading South Eastern beer brand that is promoting Igbo Hi-Life music, beliefs, tradition and cultural values of Igbos, Life continental Lager beer has also been at the forefront of stimulating the progress of its consumers through its numerous grassroot initiatives. Speaking during a press conference, Senior Brand Manager, Aishat Anaekwe, stated that the brand pioneered regional brewing in Nigeria and has maintained leadership in the South-East region’s booming market for decades.  “Today, we are excited to announce the renewal contract with Flavour, Phyno and Yul Edochie. This collaboration with Life Continental Lager Beer underscores the brand’s dedication to the Igbo values of industrious, resourcefulness and enterprise – values which Flavour, Yul and Phyno aptly embody. “Just as Life Continental Beer defines the Igbo in every consumer, these three successful and industrious entertainers exude the qualities which exemplifies the typical Igbo man”, Anaekwe added. The ambassadors’ deal with Nigerian Breweries is to run for two years during which Flavour, Yul and Phyno will appear in advertising and marketing campaigns.  They will also feature in the brand’s online assets and make special appearances at events and activations. According to Flavour N’nabania, the new deal shows that Hi-Life music is paving the way in the Nigerian entertainment industry. “This new deal with Life Continental is an example of the rebound of progress that Igbos have continued to be associated with in their business and industry. Life Beer brand has always been a symbol of the Igbo heritage. “If you go anywhere and you hear Life Continental Beer, at once, the Igbo man and his entrepreneurial spirit comes to mind. I’m very proud to be associated with a beer I can finally call my own, a beer that pushes the frontiers of progress”, he said. Nollywood thespian, Yul Edochie applauded the Igbo heritage the beer wields, noting that he was honoured by the contract renewal.  “This brand has continued to shine the spotlight on the Igbo tradition of brotherhood and Progress. I want to categorically state that Life Continental Lager is the progress brand of Igbos”. Chibuzor Nelson Azubuike, popularly known as Phyno expressed satisfaction about his new deal. “The Igbos are the vibe that holds Nigeria together and Life Continental Lager Beer has continued to demonstrate its love for the Igbo culture. Everywhere you go, you will always find a successful Igbo man. “Despite our challenging past, we have inspired the greatness of the country. I am so thrilled about the renewed partnership with Life Continental Lager Beer”, Phyno said. Life Continental Lager Beer is the fine quality lager beer from the stables of Nigerian Breweries Plc made from the choicest grains, hops and the purest of waters. The brand is expertly brewed to give that rich, crisp distinctive taste and well-rounded aroma in true quality fashion of the master brewers.