The Director-General of Peter Obi’s presidential campaign, Doyin Okupe, said the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have expired and lost their political relevance in the country. Okupe said the Labour Party, under which Obi is contesting, will defeat the two leading political parties in Nigeria to take over the affairs of the country in 2023. He stated this while addressing journalists shortly after a meeting with leaders and members of the Labour Party in Abeokuta, Ogun State. Obi, who recently dumped the PDP over the party’s refusal to zone its presidential ticket to the South, berated the PDP for being “unrighteous and unjust”. Okupe maintained that some individuals, who opposed zoning, violated the gentleman agreement of the founding fathers of the party. Okupe stressed that Obi will defeat the APC and the PDP, banking on Nigeria’s workforce, the youth, market men, women and others. He said, “The PDP was a veritable party that was put together by our elders and leaders. Those who came yesterday and said rotation does not matter undermine the very essence of the existence of the PDP, the moment they took that step, the PDP stepped out of line of fortune, of future, of victory because it has become suddenly unrighteous and unjust. “There is no unrighteous and unjust pillar that will stand. The PDP was a good platform, but it has expired. The APC was never a good platform, it is of no consequence. The two parties are out, these two parties have expired, they no relevance to the new things that Nigerians and the youths are looking for. “Labour party in the scheme of things is still a very small party, but we are not unaware of that before we moved here. But the Labour Party is a sleeping giant. “The potential electorate reservoir of Labour Party is more than three times the membership of APC and PDP put together. NLC, TUC, NURTW, market women, professional bodies, students are all part of Labour Party. “The NLC has a membership of about 5 million, the TUC has a membership of about 8 to 10 million, the number of students registered in the Federal universities is about 2.5 million, those who are not in the Federal universities are about 6.7 million, when you add all that together, you are looking at about 20 reserved voters that have direct affiliation with Labour Party. “Our strategy will be to reawake the Nigerian workers. Nigeria is going to see something it has not seen before, we will beat APC and PDP pants down.”