Ekiti State Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, has attributed the landslide victory recorded by the Governor-elect, Mr. Biodun Oyebanji, in last Saturday’s governorship election to the overwhelming support of the people. Otunba Egbeyemi said he was particularly delighted with the impressive performance of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ado Ekiti, his hometown, which the party won with a wide margin. In a statement by his Special Assistant (Media), Odunayo Ogunmola, the Deputy Governor said the victory recorded by the Governor-elect and his party, the APC, wouldn’t have been possible without the massive votes of the electorate who kept faith with the broom party. He explained that the choice of Oyebanji as the next Governor has vindicated the Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi and his team’s hard work in all parts of the state which has been repaid with another mandate for his party (APC). Describing the victory of the party in Saturday’s poll as very sweet and heartwarming, Otunba Egbeyemi expressed delight that the party eventually removed the jinx of the ruling party not producing the next Governor. The Deputy Governor commended the party leaders and members for their efforts in all the thirteen (13) wards in Ado Ekiti for making the feat possible. He lauded the party faithful for selling the candidacy of Mr. Oyebanji and the ideals of the party in all parts of the metropolitan Ado Ekiti, the suburbs, farmsteads and hamlets. Otunba Egbeyemi also reserved special commendation for voters who trooped out en masse and endured the inconveniences of the day to exercise their franchise in favour of the APC. The Deputy Governor noted that the brilliant performance of the party in the governorship poll is a precursor to victory in next year’s House of Assembly, House of Representatives, Senate and Presidential elections. Otunba Egbeyemi charged party leaders not to relent as the general elections draw nearer, advising them to work harder for the party to maintain its winning streak. He said: “The victory was made possible by the electorate who stood by our party and gave the Governor-elect the mandate. They trooped out in large numbers and endured inconveniences to vote for our party. “Looking back at what happened last Saturday, it was the people, the voters who made it possible and they helped us to break the jinx in Ado and in Ekiti by electing our party back-to-back which had not happened in the state.”