Nigerians have been urged to always look out for the ideologies of political parties and their candidates before voting for them in any election. A cleric, Prophet Ade Ologbonyo who gave the advice said the progress and development the people yearn for will continue to elude the country if politicians without ideology are in positions of authority. Ologbonyo, a pastor with the Planter of Christ Apostolic Church, CAC (BOANERGES), said the Owo attack would have been averted if those at the helm of affairs had acted on the revelation God gave to him before the incident occurred. He spoke in Orun Ekiti in Ise Orun local government area of Ekiti State during the grand finale of the 13th edition of the annual revival of the Ministry. Also speaking on the sidelines, Prophet Sam Olu Alo, called on Nigerians to always extend helping hands to media practitioners. Prophet Alo decried how those in the media industry are being neglected, facing health and other challenges despite their effort to bring information to the people. “If you come to the world without impacting lives, your achievements are useless. Whatever you possess, God gave it to you to save lives. “Those in this profession need the support of the people. It will make the truth to be entrenched in society. It will also make them know that God can reward their efforts at developing the society where they operate. “If I don’t assist others that means I am not grateful to God for what he has done for me despite coming from a humble background”. He also advised the people of Ekiti not to sell their votes during the Saturday governorship election, saying they will be selling their future doing so. Ologbonyo said it is worrisome that people who have what it takes to occupy positions of authority are being sidelined for one reason or the other. “Most people without ideology and who don’t know where they are going are seeking political positions. On the Owo church attack, he said, “God laid emphasis on it. Not me but God speaking through me. It was on social media but they didn’t take me seriously. Maybe they thought I was looking for attention, popularity and fame. But if it were to be a top pastor, they would give him their attention. ” If you look at the message very well, God said If you believe and take a step, it will be good but if you don’t, when it happens you will know the truth. That was God saying it. And it indeed happened. It was painful and we are not happy about it. God wants to prove that He is God who has spoken”. The man of God advised the people of the state to be wise and eschew violence in the coming governorship. ” If they ask you to go fight for them during the election, tell them to put their first child in the front, their second child to follow and then you will be the last to see what will happen. So let’s pursue peace and never stoke violence. Nobody’s blood is worth shedding for any political ambition”