The Osun State Government has been asked to desist from the politicisation of pension payment and management, which has contributed to the pension crisis rocking the State. This warning was handed down by Senator Ademola Adeleke, the gubernatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2022 Osun gubernatorial election on Thursday. Senator Adeleke, while noting that payment of salaries, pension and gratuities should be a matter of priority for any responsible government, lamented that it took the persistent outcry of the PDP on behalf of pensioners before the State government made a political announcement. Adeleke explained that the act had allegedly led to the death of many of the pensioners due to untold hardship. He maintained that it was unacceptable for any government to play politics with the lives of senior citizens or any citizen for that matter. In his words, “Imagine that it took months of advocacy and call out by the opposition leaders before the governor deemed it fit to attend to the pains of pensioners. Even the announcement is clearly a political one designed to save face and lure voters into another trap of four years. “The State government previously lied on recruitment of teachers, on clearance of salary arrears, on university upgrade for Ijeshaland and now on release of funds for pension arrears. “A Governor leading a government that thrives on lies and propaganda cannot be trusted by the citizens. As a confirmation, even APC members are now daily cursing the governor and his close aides. We watch as the Governor supervised the worst rape of democracy through an inconclusive, rigged legislative primaries. The governor has lost the trust and confidence of Osun workers, teachers, public servants, students, artisans and womenfolk. Strangely, even APC members are praying for the defeat of Governor Oyetola come July 16th.” The Osun State Government had earlier on Thursday presented Bond Certificates to retired primary school teachers, local government workers, retired secondary school teachers, civil servants and retirees from the tertiary institutions in the State. The State governor, Adegboyega Oyetola had also claimed during the presentation of the Bond Certificates that his administration had spent over N43 billion on pensions.