The National Assembly has given assurances of the passage of the Bill for an act to establish the Nigerian Peace Corps. Majority Leader of the House of Representatives, Ado Doguwa gave the assurance during a courtesy visit by a delegation of the Peace Corps of Nigeria in Abuja. He stressed that the bill would come to the floor of the House of Representatives in his name and that since it had been passed at the Senate, there would be an automatic passage at the House. Honourable Doguwa commended the efforts of the Management of the Organization to ensure it has legal backing, as well as the doggedness of Professor Dickson Akoh despite challenges over the years. He encouraged the Corps to sustain its efforts and never give up, saying the organization had provided support to security agencies and educational institutions in addressing cultism, unemployment and insecurity. ” We cannot afford to miss this bill, this is one important organization at this particular and critical time, we have young men and women readily available to give their lives for the protection of lives, why should we play with them? I don’t think any serious leader will take this bill for granted. We will not take it for granted. Just know that this bill will see the light of the day” Earlier, the National Commandant of the Corps, Professor Dickson Akoh pointed out that the Bill, already passed by the Senate two months ago should have been committed to the Committee of the Whole, but had suffered several setbacks. Professor Akoh explained that the Bill had passed through third reading, and was stepped down after it was scheduled and appealed for the intervention of the Majority Leader. He described Doguwa as someone very passionate about youth development and empowerment and urged that something be done urgently as the hope of over two hundred thousand youths depends on the passage of the bill. Professor Akoh stressed that the insecurity and unemployment situation in the Country warrants the urgent passage of the bill. The Peace Corps National Commandant also pointed out that the issues that prevented President Muhammadu Buhari from assenting to the bill had been addressed. He advised members of the Corps across the country to be patient and remain committed to activities that would engender continued peace and development in the country.