The people of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State, on Sunday, trooped out en masse to the Government House, Enugu on a Solidarity/Thank-you visit to Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for the unprecedented development projects his administration has executed in their council area. Led by the State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Hon. Augustine Nnamani, the member representing Isi-Uzo Constituency in the State House of Assembly, Hon. Mrs. Amaka Ugwueze, the Chairman of Isi-Uzo LGA, Barr. Obiora Obeagu and other stakeholders, the people of the council also commended Gov. Ugwuanyi for the peaceful conduct of the PDP primaries in the State. The people of Isi-Uzo LGA told Gov. Ugwuanyi, who is the leader of the PDP in the State, that they accepted the outcome of the party primaries in good faith as loyal party men and women, and assured the governor of their 100 percent support and loyalty. Presenting their unanimous stance to the governor, the Chairman of Isi-Uzo LGA, Barr. Obeagu, while listing the numerous projects of Gov. Ugwuanyi’s administration in the council area disclosed that “from the time you assumed office as governor till date, Isi-Uzo LGA has witnessed tremendous development”. The Council Chairman added that in the history of Enugu State, no administration remembered Isi-Uzo LGA in terms of development, human empowerment, political appointments, peace and security like Gov. Ugwuanyi’s administration, stressing that the governor constructed and reconstructed classroom buildings and other infrastructure in over 55 schools, built healthcare facilities, bridges, and roads such as the 22km Neke-Mbu-Ogbodu Aba-Obolla Etiti inter-community link road and the 8.8km Nkalagu-Eha Amufu road in Isi-Uzo LGA, which was neglected for over 35 years. He revealed that their people in the affected communities are grateful to Gov. Ugwuanyi that they are enjoying tarred roads in their life-time courtesy of his administration. Reassuring Gov. Ugwuanyi of their support, the people of Isi-Uzo LGA said: “We have come to tell you that we are loyal party men and women; that you have our 100 percent support and loyalty and wherever you stand is where Isi-uzo stands”. Speaking on the outcome of the PDP Governorship primary election in Enugu State, the State Chairman of PDP, Hon. Nnamani, explained that the emergence of Barr. Peter Ndubuisi Mbah as the party’s governorship candidate was the choice of ‘Ndi Enugu’ following wider consultations which involved not only the governor, but also the party leadership, elder statesmen and other revered stakeholders including the traditional rulers, among others. Corroborating, the Traditional Rulers from Isi-Uzo LGA present at the event, through HRH Igwe Silas Udogu hinted that prior to the PDP governorship primary election, the entire Traditional Rulers of Enugu East Senatorial District came together, preached peace and agreed to support whoever emerged as the party’s governorship candidate. The Royal fathers thanked Gov. Ugwuanyi for keeping faith with the agreement he had with the Traditional Rulers from Enugu East Senatorial District, saying: “We also thank you for the peace in Enugu State”. Other speakers at the event, namely the member representing Isi-Uzo Constituency, Hon. Mrs. Ugwueze, former Chairman of the Council, Prof. Sam Ugwu, Chairman of PDP in Isi-Uzo LGA, Hon. Uche Ugwueze, representative of the youths, Jideofor, all endorsed the position of the council chairman and the State PDP Chairman, and reiterated the support and loyalty of the people of Isi-Uzo LGA to Gov. Ugwuanyi. Also in the delegation were the former Member of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Amb. Kingsley Ebenyi, former Member of the Enugu State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Dr. Daniel Ogbuabor, former Member of the National Executive Committee of the PDP, Hon. Osita Ogene, former President General of the Mgbuji Autonomous Community, Chief Eric Ebeh, a successful farmer formerly based in the North, Alhaji Sani Friday Nnaji, and Prince Emeka Ugwu, among others.