The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) 2023 Presidential candidate, former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar said his emergence is for the party and the vast majority of Nigerians suffering under the misrule of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Atiku who said this shortly after he was presented a certificate of return on Wednesday in Abuja urged the party leadership to bring everybody on board to win the 2023 presidential election. Atiku said he is honoured and humbled to receive the certificate of return saying “this victory is a victory for all of us, for our party, and the vast majority of Nigerians suffering under the misrule of the APC. Wazirin Adamawa who attributed his emergence to collective effort thanked the Convention National Organising Committee led by immediate President of the Senate, David Mark, the National Working Committee (NWC) and other stakeholders for a rancour-free and successful convention. The former Vice President appreciated the party leadership for giving all contestants fair treatment, despite what might have been a difficult situation. He acknowledged that the main contest is to win the presidency of the country for the PDP, noting that ” it will require the entire PDP family and other supporters and sympathizers. We must pull everyone together. Nobody should be excluded, I beg of you. He continued “I have already visited some of those who contested against me, as a way to lead in that effort to unify the party so that we can face our real opponents, defeat them in the elections and begin the process of rescuing and rebuilding this country from the colours and dangerous APC misrule over the past seven years which is there for everyone to see. “However, we should not take that or their defeat for granted. We must unite and work extremely hard for every single vote in this country. There is so much to do”. Earlier in his remarks, PDP National Chairman, Iyorchia Ayu pledged that the party members will work in unison to take over power from a colourless, clueless All Progressives Congress (APC) government. He said the party and its candidate, Atiku is not yet victorious until they win the 2023 election. Ayu said “All of you are aware of what has happened to our country in the last seven years. I don’t need to repeat issues of insecurity, destruction of the economy, and total disunity of the country. “We have never been as divided as we are today as a country. Families are divided, and communities are divided against each other. There is no trust among ourselves. He assured that a PDP government that will be led by Atiku is tested and trusted, saying ” he will lead us to reunite the country. He will lead us to rebuild the economy. He will lead us to get rid of bandits and terrorists. He will re-enforce the armed forces. He will give us respect in the international community.