The Zamfara State House of Assembly, on Monday, passed a bill to provide a law for the prohibition and punishment for banditry, cattle rustling, cultism, kidnapping, terrorism and other incidental offences. DAILY POST reports that the executive bill sent to the House by Governor Matawalle was passed as the lawmakers had their plenary. Presenting the bill before the House, the Deputy House Leader and Chairman, House Committee on Justice and Judiciary, Nasiru Bello-Lawal (APC- Bungudu West) called on the lawmakers to deliberate and agree on the bill. The lawmaker called on members of the House to read the bill and allow it to be given its third reading. However, the Speaker, Nasiru Magarya, noted that the bill had already gone through its first and second readings and other rigorous legislative processes, including a public hearing. “There is need for the passage of the bill by the House, considering its position in contributing to peace and stability in the State,” Magarya said. The lawmakers unanimously agreed that the bill be given its third reading. The Speaker directed the Clerk of the House, Alhaji Shehu Anka, to give the bill its third reading, after which it was passed. The Speaker commended Governor Matawalle for introducing new policies and measures to curtail the menace of insecurity against the wellbeing of people of the State. “I commend the Governor for taking these proactive measures, but they can only be successful when the prayers and support of all citizens are joined,” he said. In another development, the House also gave a bill to provide a law for the establishment of Zamfara College of Nursing Science Gusau, its first reading. This followed a motion on the bill moved by the leader of the House, Alhaji Faruku Dosara during the plenary. At the same sitting, the House screened and confirmed 5 government nominees presented to it by Gov Bello Matawalle as Commissioner and Special Advisers. The Speaker mentioned the name of Muhammad Abubakar Gummi, the former Dep. Speaker of the House, who was screened and confirmed as Commissioner. Sambo Garba-Marafa, Abdulkadir Muhammad, Muhammad Kabiru and Bala Dakitak were screened and confirmed by the House to be appointed as Special Advisers.