Zamfara State government has directed the State Police Commissioner, Mr. Ayuba Elkanah to issue licenses to residents of the State who are qualified to use guns for self-defense. This came in reaction to the rising rate of insecurity in the State. The State government also directed individuals to prepare and obtain guns to defend themselves against the bandits that have occupied almost all parts of the State. This was contained in a press statement signed and issued to newsmen in Gusau, the State capital by the commissioner for information, Hon. Ibrahim Magaji Dosara. The statement noted that the government was very much ready to facilitate people, especially farmers in the rural areas to secure basic weapon for self-defense. “The government has already concluded arrangements to distribute 500 forms to each of the 19 Emirates in the State for those willing to obtain guns for self-defense. “People should apply from the State commissioner of police licenses to own their guns and other basic weapons for self-defense,” he said. According to the commissioner, a Secretariat would be established for the collection of intelligence on the activities of informants supplying information to the bandits. “People are strictly warned and advised to ensure that any information or intelligence about informants must be true and nothing but the truth as all information on the informants must carry correct data on the suspects. “Such information must include their pictures, correct names, addresses, occupation and witnesses to testify the genuineness of the information given as the government will take punitive measures against anyone found to the bandits’ informants. “Any person who gives wrong information against anyone would also be made to serve the same punishment with the informant and will be treated as such,” he stated. Dosara further stated that the government had requested the State House of Assembly to as a matter of urgency pass the informant bill before it into law to enable the State government take its planned drastic measures on informants as contained in the bill. Speaking further, the commissioner said that the government had ordered for the recruitment of 200 additional Community Protection Guards in each of the 19 Emirates, bringing the number to 500 per Emirate to increase their manpower and strengthen its force and capacity to deal with the bandits. “To further ensure the efficiency and effectiveness of these measures and as well the proper implementation of the measures, the government has ordered the formation of a special committee that would be receiving intelligence on the activities of the informants,” he said. The committee would be headed by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Kabiru Balarebe. Others members include DIG Mamman Ibrahim Tsafe,
Commissioner Security, Ibrahim Magaji Dosara, the State commissioner for information, Hon. Nasiru Masama, commissioner for youths, among others. The statement added that no stone will be left unturned in order to eliminate all the terrorists terrorizing the entire State.