The Oba Odo of Erijiyan Ekiti in Ekiti West Local Government Area of Ekiti State, Chief Boluwaji Adewumi, has cleared the air on what transpired at a peace meeting the state government recently held with stakeholders of the town. Chief Adewumi, in a statement on Friday, clarified that he was not banned by the state government from wearing his crown once a year during a traditional festival of which he is the custodian in accordance with the culture and traditions of the community. He said the Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, after listening to his defence said he was permitted to wear a crown during the celebration of the Oro Apa festival which is held annually in Erijiyan Ekiti. Chief Adewumi said the Deputy Governor cleared him to wear his insignia of office as the Oba Odo to perform his traditional duties during a meeting attended by the Olohan of Erijiyan Ekiti, Oba Adegoroye Omoseebi, members of the Olohan-in-Council and other interest groups in the town. The Oba Odo said the clarification became necessary to douse tension in Erijiyan Ekiti following a misrepresentation of what transpired at the meeting presided by the Deputy Governor to the effect that he had been banned from wearing his traditional crown once a year during the festival as allowed by the tradition of the town. Chief Adewumi also disclosed that he wrote a rejoinder to the Bureau of Chieftaincy Affairs to debunk all allegations of instigating violence, instability and disrespect to the palace levelled against him by the Olohan of Erijiyan Ekiti, Oba Omoseebi. He described himself as a responsible, God-fearing and respected community leader who is committed to peace, progress, and development of Erijiyan Ekiti and would never be involved in any act that could cause chaos in the town. Chief Adewumi said: “There is a need to put the records straight on what transpired during a meeting we held with the Deputy Governor on 26th May 2022 in which I was given an opportunity to defend myself against the petition written against me by the Olohan. “I was never banned by the state government from wearing a crown. The Deputy Governor after listening to my own side said I am permitted to wear the crown during my annual festival, the Oro Apa which is a traditional assignment held once a year. “This clarification is necessary to correct the impression being created in Erijiyan Ekiti that I have been banned from wearing the crown again. The culture and traditions of the town allow me to wear the crown during the Oro Apa Festival which the Deputy Governor agreed with me. “I am a responsible, God-fearing, and respected community leader. I am committed to the peace, progress, and development of Erijiyan Ekiti. I will never be involved in orchestrating chaos and violence in my hometown. “The allegation that I am impersonating the Olohan is not true. I am the Oba Odo, I cannot perform the functions of Kabiyesi and Kabiyesi cannot perform my duties. I am for peace and progress of Erijiyan Ekiti.”