Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. State governors from the North on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, yesterday, backed a Nigerian President of southern extraction. The Northern governors urged President Muhammadu Buhari to consider a Southerner as his likely successor in 2023. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari late Saturday met with All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential aspirants at the State House, Abuja. The President urged the aspirants to hold discussions and come up with a formidable candidate before the primary election starting on Monday. 3. The Appeal Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has recommended the nullification of the governorship primaries of the party in Benue State. The Benue State chapter of the party had adopted direct primaries, which produced a suspended Catholic priest, Rev. Fr. Hyacinth Alia as winner. 4. The National chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu yesterday, revealed that the ruling party would axe the national leader of the party, Bola Ahmed Tinubu over his recent utterances against President Muhammadu Buhari in Ogun State. 5. A member of a vigilante group in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, was burnt alive yesterday over alleged blasphemy against Islam. The incident occurred on Saturday at the Timber shed market, Federal Housing Estate, Lugbe Abuja 6. The ruling All Progressives Congress presidential aspirants from the South-West and key stakeholders met in Abuja on Saturday. The meeting according to reports, snowballed into Sunday morning. 7. The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba has reaffirmed the commitment of the Nigeria Police Force to continually honour and celebrate its fallen heroes who have served the country diligently. 8. The Chief John Odigie-Oyegun-led All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential screening committee have ranked Vice President Yemi Osinbajo top of the 23 aspirants jostling to secure the party’s presidential ticket for the 2023 election. The committee had announced that it cleared 13 of the aspirants to contest the primaries due to hold on Monday. 9. Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Aspirants Screening Committee, says the ruling party cares for the young. Oyegun said this yesterday when he met with Senator Abdullahi Adamu, National Chairman of the party. 10. The Director-General of the Cross River State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Janet Ekpenyong, has disclosed that with new arrivals of Cameroonian refugees, the State is now really overburdened with the staggering number of refugees. She called on the Federal Government to come to the aid of the State.