The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said the alleged incitement by the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu, cannot save the incumbent Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola from defeat in the governorship election slated for July 16. Adamu, while inaugurating APC National Campaign Council for the Osun State Governorship election, last week had directed members of the council to go back to the trenches and do everything possible within the law to win. Reacting, the PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, Saturday, described the statement by APC National Chairman as reckless and irresponsible. According to the party, the statement shows the level of APC’s disregard for the peaceful electoral process and democratic rights. PDP noted that election is not warfare and cautioned that the APC’s zero tolerance for election defeat is undemocratic. The opposition party insisted that Governor Oyetola of APC is no match for its candidate Senator Ademola Adeleke. The statement partly read “It is distressing that the APC has become so chaotic in the pursuit of its territorial occupation agenda that the National Chairman views the Osun State governorship election as warfare in which the people must be conquered. “More provoking is Abdullahi Adamu’s brazen assertion that the APC has no apology for such an irresponsible, reckless, and offensive “posture” against the sensibilities of the people of Osun State. “Nigerians observed the nerviness and dread of defeat written all over the APC National Chairman’s face while inaugurating and threatening the APC’s National Campaign Council on Osun Governorship Election not to come back crying in defeat; a fate that already awaits the APC on July 16. “Abdullahi Adamu should know that the Osun State Governorship election is not about incitements, issuing of threats and grandstanding as a ruling Party. He must understand that this election is a referendum on the monumental failure of the APC in Osun State and that the people are solidly behind Senator Ademola Adeleke in their resolve to liberate themselves from the stranglehold of the incompetent, vicious and inhumane APC administration in Osun State”. The opposition party cautioned APC to retreat and rein in its thugs, political terrorists and band of riggers as they will be stiffly resisted by the people. It urged President Muhammadu Buhari to call the APC National Chairman to order and be ready to accept defeat in the forthcoming election.