Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State has again constituted a paramilitary unit committee whose responsibility would be to support control and command to properly and effectively reinforce the Operations of Community Protection Guards (CPGs). According to the Commissioner of Information, Hon. Ibrahim Magaji Dosara, the committee was constituted to complement the recent committee on security, saying that the state government has drawn a battle line against bandits. The committee has retired Commissioner of Police as the Commandant General, Captain Aminu Mada, retired Deputy Commissioner of Police as Commandant General Operations. Others are Suleiman Lawali Zurmi, Commandant, Operations, Bashir Nafiu Gusau, commandant mobilization, Alhaji Aliyu Naibi Karakkai, commandant Surveillance and Intelligence Other members of the control and command centre of the Community Protection Guards are Shi’itu Makera Talata Mafara Bello Dankurmi Dogo Na Bukkuyum. “The State government also re-constituted the committee on prosecution of banditry related offences. The chairman will be Dr Sani Abdullahi Wanban Shinkafi, Ibrahim Sulaiman Chief of Staff to the Governor as member, retired Justice Nasiru Umar Gummi member, CP Mamman Anka (rtd) member. Others include Engr. Mamuda Aliyu Maradun member, representative of the Nigerian Army member, representative of the Nigeria Police member, representative of the DSS member, representative of the Civil Defence Corps member. Other members include representative of hunters member, while Barrister Aminu Junaidu Kaura, Hon Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice will serve as secretary to the committee. “In view of the deteriorating security situation in Mada, Wonaka, and Ruwan Bore districts of Gusau Local Government, as well as Yansoto emirate in Tsafe Local Government, the, Governor, Bello Mohammed Matawalle has approved the immediate closure of all markets and Kara in these districts and Yandoto emirate indefinitely. “In addition this, government has equally banned riding of motorbikes and selling of petroleum products in Mada, Wonaka and Ruwan Bore districts, as well as Yandoto emirate” “Henceforth, all filling stations on the affected areas are hereby closed with immediate effect. Anybody found riding motorbike within the areas is considered as bandits and security agencies are thereby directed to shoot such persons at sight” “Security agencies are by this announcement directed to ensure strict compliance. Anybody found violating this order should be dealt with according to the rule of law. Government would not condone any act where innocent people are being killed” The statement noted that the government was also using this medium to thank all those who honoured and respect the peace dialogue in whatever form, saying that in the same vein, those who refused to honour and respect the peace dialogue are hereby warned to allow peace within our respective communities. “Government is hereby directing the military, police, civil defence and other security agencies to mobilise their operatives and take the fight to the enclaves of the criminals with immediate effect.” Recall that the state government last year constituted a State Task Force Committee on security to checkmate the activities of the bandits operating in the State, yet the insecurity situation has continued unabated.