Ogun State Governor and Chairman, Accreditation and Decoration Committee for the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Primary, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has described the accreditation of delegates, as a huge success, despite the minor hitches experienced during the commencement of the process. Governor Abiodun who stated this when he spoke with newsmen at the International Conference Centre, Abuja, on the accreditation of delegates for the election, noted that despite some few notable hitches, the process recorded a big success. According to Prince Abiodun, “36 states and the Federal Capital Territory with 2322 delegates are being accredited. If you have a few isolated cases of say one or two, I don’t think that is unusual and one beautiful thing is that we have resolved all of them. ” A few unforeseen hitches here and there due to missing names and typographical errors. For example, Enugu and Edo cases have being been resolved so also of Anambra State. Since all these issues have been successful resolved, I think we are going to have a first class Primary election”, he stated. Giving the form the accreditation took, the governor said delegates on entering the Civic Centre would locate their State stand, presented their valid identification and after proper identification has been done, are issued with a delegate card which has the name, State and local government and the QR code of the delegate. He said on getting to Eagles square, venue of the primary, the delegate card is scanned to confirm its authenticity, adding that each delegate would be issued with a Voter’s card together with their delegate card which would also be scanned to ensure that the holder is genuine and that he has not voted twice. ” Once they Scan that card, it can not be pass to someone else. All these features are embedded in the delegate card and we believe that this is probably the first time this type of process is being used and we are hopeful that we will have a world class Presidential Primary”, the Governor emphasized. While noting that his Committee is working in collaboration with other committees, added that Accreditation Committee was to ensure that only valid delegates, observers, protocols, governors and other eligible people are allowed into the venue, maintained that a lot of work has been put into planning to ensure that delegates are attended to at a shortest possible time. The Senator representing Lagos West, Senator Olamilekan Adeola commended the governor Abiodun led committee for doing a good job advising the delegates to vote for a candidate that would work for the betterment of the people.