The Overseer of the Citadel Global Community Church, Pastor Tunde Bakare, on Sunday reacted to the emergence of Bola Tinubu as the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate. Bakare wished Tinubu the best in the 2023 general election. The clergyman, who was one of APC’s presidential aspirants, said a new Nigeria was possible. Addressing members of his church in Lagos on the topic “A New Nigeria is Still Possible”, Bakare congratulated Tinubu on his victory in the primaries, NAN reports. “I congratulate the winner of the APC presidential primaries, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, for his victory. “His emergence as the flag bearer and presidential candidate of the APC is a testament to his significant contributions to the course of the South West as well as his labour towards the formation and establishment of the APC as I have said in times past. “I, therefore, extend best wishes to him as he proceeds on the campaign trail towards the 2023 general elections,” the cleric said. Bakare had scored zero votes during the just concluded APC presidential primary election in Abuja. However, the primary election saw the former Governor of Lagos State emerging as the winner after polling the highest number of votes. On Sun, Jun 12, 2022 at 5:56 PM Precious Bello <precious.bello@dailypost.ng> wrote:
45% unique On Sun, Jun 12, 2022 at 5:48 PM Seun Opejobi <seun.opejobi@dailypost.ng> wrote: The Overseer of the Citadel Global Community Church, Pastor Tunde Bakare, on Sunday reacted to the emergence of Bola Tinubu as the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate. Bakare wished Tinubu the best in the 2023 general election. The clergyman, who was one of APC’s presidential aspirants, said a new Nigeria was possible. In his address titled “A New Nigeria is Still Possible”, Bakare congratulated Tinubu over his victory at the primaries, NAN reports. “I congratulate the winner of the APC presidential primaries, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, for his victory. “His emergence as the flag bearer and presidential candidate of the APC is a testament to his significant contributions to the course of the South West as well as his labour towards the formation and establishment of the APC as I have said in times past. ”I, therefore, extend best wishes to him as he proceeds on the campaign trail towards the 2023 general elections,” the cleric said. Bakare had scored zero vote during the just concluded APC presidential primary election in Abuja. However, the primary election saw the former Governor of Lagos State emerging the winner after polling the highest number of votes.