The Osun State Government has commiserated with the people of Modakeke community and the entire Council of Traditional Rulers in Osun on the passing of the Ogunsua of Modakeke, Oba Moses Oladejo Oyediran, Ajombadi III. Reacting to the death of the Ogunsua, the state government in a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Funke Egbemode, described Oba Oyediran as a God-fearing royal father who was an embodiment of wisdom and fairness. The government recalled the monarch’s role in ensuring that peace was restored to the community when a communal clash broke out in 2021. According to the statement, “The Government of Osun State hereby commiserates with the Ajombadi Ruling House, the people of Modakeke, the Council of Traditional Rulers and indeed the entire state over the demise of the Ogunsua of Modakeke, Oba Moses Oladejo Oyediran, Ajombadi III. “He will be forever remembered for his progressive ideology, peaceful demeanour and his love for the people of Modakeke during his little over three years on the stool of Ogunsua. ”Though his reign was short, the late Ogunsua made his mark and did the best he could for his people. He had lofty expectations for the development of Modakeke, and he was fortunate to witness some of the interventions of the government to uplift the socio-economic and infrastructural status of the town, part of which was the reconstruction of Famia road. “When the peace of his community was threatened last year, he rose to the occasion and worked tirelessly with the Government to restore peace in Modakeke. He was a leader loved and respected by his people. “We pray, on behalf of the good people of Osun State, that God grants the entire Modakeke community the fortitude to bear the loss of its traditional ruler”, the statement read. Oba Oyediran of Ajombadi Compound in Modakeke, who was crowned in December 2018 following the demise of his predecessor, Oba Francis Adedoyin of Olaogbin Ruling House, on August 4, 2018, joined his ancestors at the ripe old age of 95 years.