A traditional ruler, the Aragbiji of Iragbiji, Oba Abdur-Rasheed Ayotunde Olabomi, has alleged that there is a plan to cover up an investigation into the killing of Saheed Ajibola Olabomi by personnel of the Osun State Police Command. The monarch who made the allegation in a statement on Wednesday revealed that since the killing, the Osun State Police Command, the Commandant Mopol 39, whose personnel committed the act and the Zone XI Police Command have all conspired to sweep the act of criminality under the carpet. Oba Olabomi recalled that a team of policemen led by Sergeant Adamu Garuba had killed Saheed Ajibola Olabomi, who is from the Olabomi Dynasty, at about 5:00pm at the Oke Onitii area of Osogbo, the Osun State capital on July 27, 2021. The monarch alleged that immediately after the death of Saheed, “The family insisted that deceased be taken to the hospital and autopsy was conducted by the UNIOSUN Teaching Hospital, Osogbo, where it was established that the victim died following injuries sustained from shots allegedly fired by Garuba Adamu. “All efforts to ensure that Adamu Garuba and others were given orderly room trial by the police failed even though the family and members of the public were made to believe that the police officer had been dismissed and that he would be prosecuted. “For over more than six months, the suspects were not arraigned, adding. Our family had to seek the taking over of the f the matter by the state. Yet, it took several months before the file could be released to the Ministry. “Even after the release of the file, we have been in court twice, the police personnel were not brought to court. “On inquiry, it was discovered that Aig Mr. Mukan, Joseph Gobum was said to have been pressured by the Commandant Mopol 39 Mr. Moorkwap to subvert justice and exonerate a Murder suspect in a celebrated murder case.” Reacting, the spokesperson of the Osun State Police Command, Yemisi Opalola said the Command was not aware of the press conference and the statement released to the media. Opalola, however, promised that she will revert with a comprehensive response to the allegations.