The Bauchi State chapter of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has resolved to wade into the lingering salary crisis, leading to discrepancies in payment of civil servants and pensioners on the state government’s payroll. The party, through its Publicity Secretary, Alhaji Yayanuwa Zainabari, told journalists in Bauchi that it was worried about the issue of some workers not receiving their salaries despite various committees set up by the state governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed to end the impasse. According to him, there were allegations that some workers who did not receive their salaries were claiming that they would be paid if they knew any person to lead them to the state’s pay office. The ruling party’s publicist said, “If it’s true, what of a worker in the village? PDP officials are everywhere in the state and are willing to help. If there is any one who didn’t receive his or her salary, the person should come forward.” He added that, “Any worker who has a proof that he/she is yet to receive salary, the person should come forward with documents to any nearest PDP office. They will lead the person to collect his/her salary.” He urged politicians, particularly those from opposition parties not to politicise the issue, declaring that it is beyond politics. “The issue is an inherited problem from the previous administration and the present administration is demonstrating genuine commitment to solve it once and for all,” the PDP spokesman said. Zainabari alleged that as the PDP government is fighting the injustice in the payment of salaries, some unpatriotic workers and politicians are doing everything possible to sabotage the state government’s efforts. According to him, it was a known fact that Governor Mohammed was having sleepless nights whenever one worker did not receive his/her salary, adding that the governor did not want civil servants and pensioners to go home at the end of the month without receiving their salaries and pension as and when due. DAILY POST reports that despite setting up many committees to look into the issue of discrepancies in the payment of salaries of workers on state government’s payroll, some civil servants are yet to receive their salaries for months.