The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has demanded the immediate resignation and investigation of the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, following his appearance in All Progressives Congress (APC) campaign posters. PDP, in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, said the campaign posters confirmed the CBN Governor’s partisan affiliation and entanglement with the APC, describing it as the height of impunity of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. The major opposition party said the action amounts to poking its fingers in the eyes of Nigerians and daring them to do their worse. The statement in part read: “this action by Mr. Emefiele is contrary to the provision of Section 9 of the Central Bank of Nigeria (Establishment) Act which provides that “the governor and the deputy governors shall devote the whole of their time to the service of the bank and while holding office, shall not engage in any full or part-time employment or vocation, whether remunerated or not. “By engaging in partisan politics to the extent of appearing in APC campaign posters, Mr. Emefiele has knowingly and deliberately violated the provision of the CBN Act stated above. “Mr. Emefiele has also desecrated the sanctity of his office as CBN Governor, compromised the integrity of the apex bank, stripped it of the confidence reposed in it by Nigerians and the International Community and as such, cannot legitimately continue to hold and function in that office. “This further confirms that under Mr. Emefiele, the CBN, as the custodian of our national economy, has become an appendage and cash cow of the APC in their reckless pillaging of our national resources, the resultant effect of which is now evident in the near collapse state of our economy”. The PDP requested for the immediate resignation of CBN Governor and counselled him to subject himself to investigation by anti-corruption agencies on various allegations of financial misfeasance including reportedly opening Nigeria’s national vaults to the APC administration. According to the PDP, it is now crystal clear that President Buhari and the APC are not committed to providing a level playing field for free and fair general elections in 2023. It also expressed fear that Emefiele being in control of all the accounts of other Nigerians, “the CBN Governor is also in a position to use his office to clamp down on the finances of other contestants and stifle them of funds”. PDP said that history will note President Buhari’s legacy of allegedly destroying every segment of national life; from security to electoral process, unity and now the sanctity of the Central Bank.