The Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III, on Friday, appealed to Nigerians to not only cooperate with security agencies but provide them with credible and useful information. The Sultan, who doubles as the President-General of the Nigeria Supreme Council of Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), made the appeal at the opening ceremony of the 2022 National Qur’anic Recitation Competition held in Bauchi State and hosted by the state government in collaboration with Usman Dan Fodio University, Sokoto. The Sultan, who was represented on the occasion by the Shehu of Borno, Abubakar El-Kanemi, submitted that giving credible information to the security agencies would enable them carry out their constitutional duty of protecting the lives and property of citizens effectively. Sultan Abubakar further said to also overcome the current security challenges facing the country, including kidnapping, pipeline vandalism, robbery, banditry, insurgency, cultism, cattle rustling, among others, Nigerians, particularly, Muslims, have to pray fervently and relentlessly for Allah’s intervention by restoring peace in the land. The royal father asserted that the Nigerian Muslims must not just sit down in the face of the challenges facing the country but has to engage in praying for Allah’s intervention. He urged Muslims to rededicate themselves to the teachings of the Holy Qu’ran and also apply the same in their daily life. “Today, the world is faced with so many challenges, hence I urge all the Muslim Ummah to rededicate themselves to the teaching and learning of the Qur’an so as to apply what it teaches in our daily life. “Today, we are confronted with so many challenges, the only permanent solution to these problems is not for us to just sit down. We must pray to the Almighty Allah to restore permanent peace to our states and the nation,” Sultan Abubakar said. While urging the traditional institutions to organise prayer sessions for peace and progress of Nigeria, the Sultan also appealed to traditional rulers to cooperate with their district and village heads as well as traditional title holders. He urged traditional rulers not to always expect everything from the government, adding that they have to do it by themselves. “We don’t always have to expect something from the government or somebody, we have to do it because we have to protect our emirates, country, states and all Nigerians,” he advised. He then expressed his appreciation to Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, for hosting the 2022 National Qur’anic Recitation Competition. In his remarks at the event, Governor Mohammed, who was represented by his Deputy, Senator Baba Tela, informed that this would be the third time the state was hosting the National Qur’anic Recitation Competition, which was its 36th edition. The governor lamented that nowadays people give priority to Western education over Islamic education, a development he described as unfortunate, considering the fact that every Muslim child is expected to be well trained in reading, writing, reciting and memorising the Glorious Qur’an from a very tender age. He then admonished that society needs reorientation of the good teachings of the Qur’an.