A 30-year-old man, Honest Mathew aka Onions, was on Wednesday beheaded by suspected cultists and his head displayed on a pole in Sagbama town, Sagbama Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. DAILY POST gathered that the groups involved in the cult war are Icelanders, Greenlanders and Bobos cult groups. It was also gathered that the killer cult group sneaked into Sagbama town at about 1:30 am and invaded the home of the deceased, beheading him and making away with his head. A community source, who pleaded for anonymity, claimed the deceased was dragged away from his wife and three children and butchered, “We gathered he was shouting but the guys slit his throat and cut off his head. When we woke up in the morning, we discovered the headless body of the victim. “Upon further search for the missing head, we discovered it hung on a pole at the center of the town. We were later told it is a clear message of war against their rival which the deceased also belonged.” The Chief Security Officer of the Sagbama Local Government Council Area, Passman Ebiowei, who spoke with DAILY POST on the telephone, confirmed the development and expressed concern over the cult rivalry, ”I have discussed with the Chairman of the Council, Hon. Embeleakpo P Alale, on the need to call the heads of these cult groups to a closed-door meeting and ensure they sign a peace pact. A sanction can be placed on any group that violates the condition of the peace pact.” DAILY POST also gathered that the cult group, to which the deceased belonged, are already planning a reprisal. Contacted on the development, the spokesman of the State Police Command, SP Asinim Butswat, confirmed the development. “On the 09/03/2022 at about 0200 hours Police Operatives were informed that a suspected cultist, one Honest Martin 30 years, was found outside his house at Sagbama Community beheaded by the suspected rival cult group. Police operatives evacuated the corpse to St Luke Mortuary Sagbama. Investigation is ongoing,” he said.