The Speaker, Osun House of Assembly, Timothy Owoeye has asked the Osun State Police Command to investigate an audio recording circulating on social media alleging his involvement in the cover-up of cult-related activities in Ilesa town. In a petition to Olawale Olokode, the Osun Commissioner of Police, Owoeye held that an unknown man suspected to be a Police officer defamed him by alleging that he reached out to the top Police hierarchy in the state to set free a suspected serial killer and cultist. The Speaker in a statement by his Media Aide, Kunle Alabi, said he has worked and lived in Ilesa all his life contributing his quota to the development of the town, lamenting that the said audio has become a source of concern for his family, loved ones and political associates. “I am a proud Ijesa man who loves my community and its inhabitants so dearly. I have made so many efforts both overtly and covertly ever since the cult clashes began to make sure Ilesa is a peaceful abode for all and sundry. “Noteworthy is my commitment and support to the Nigeria Police Committee on Cultism (POCACOV) during their outreaches to Ijesa land. “May I at this point urge you to urgently investigate the audio which is capable of lowering people’s confidence in me. It is also important considering the fact that your name was mentioned and that of our revered monarch. “The unidentified officer in the audio who disparaged the Owa Obokun and the stool of his forebears also alluded to being part of a recent security meeting and as well confirmed that he is a security official,” the speaker revealed. Ilesa town has seen a resurgence of cult-related activities which has led to several deaths, in recent times In the aftermath of the cult clashes, many Indigenes have accused the Owo Obokun of Ijesaland, Oba Gabriel Adekunle Aromalaran of complacency and not vocally condemning the spate of killings. However, the monarch in a series of fora have publicly condemned the violence and also called on cultists to desist from disturbing the peace of the ancient town.