Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Bandits have killed a school teacher, with four others, along Layin Lasan Tabanni road,‎ in Birnin Gwari Local Government Area of Kaduna State. It was gathered that 16 people were also abducted at Dogon Dawa, Layin Mahuta and Tabanni villages in the Eastern part of the LGA. 2. Senator Babafemi Ojudu, Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, has vowed to return to the farm instead of working for Bola Ahmed Tinubu’s presidential ambition if President Muhammadu Buhari decides to back him. 3. The Broadcasting Organisations of Nigeria (BON), a body representing broadcast stations in Nigeria, has cried out over the skyrocketing costs of operation following the high price of petrol and diesel, saying broadcast stations are “gasping for breath.” 4. The Department of State Services (DSS) has warned of a sinister plan to stoke violence in parts of Nigeria, particularly the North Central. Peter Afunanya, the Public Relations Officer of the service raised the alarm in a statement on Saturday. 5. The residence of the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Prof George Obiozor, located in Awo-Omamma, Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State has been bombed by unknown gunmen. It was gathered that the suspects used Improvised Explosives Devices, IED, and petrol bombs to raze the building. 6. Presidential aspirants on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress will have to wait till May to know who among them will fly the party’s flag in the 2023 presidential election. It was also learnt that the party would peg the money for its presidential nomination form at N50m. 7. The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has confirmed that eight persons died in a communal dispute that occurred between the Alesi community in the Ikom Local Government Area and their neighbours, Ochon community, in Obubra Local Government Area of Cross River State. 8. The Special Area Command of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, Apapa, Lagos, yesterday disclosed that 15 persons, including Nigerians and foreigners, were arrested in the last six months with 187,791 kilogrammes of assorted drugs. Some of the arrests and seizures were reportedly made in terminals around the Apapa area of Lagos. 9. Three serving governors in the country have run into trouble with security agencies over their alleged plot to incite violence that may engulf the northern part of the country. The three governors, who are in their final term of office, are reportedly drawn from the North East, North Central and the South-South geopolitical zones of the country. 10. A former governor of Kano State, Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso is reportedly tidying up to defect from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP. Engr. Buba Galadima, made the disclosure yesterday while speaking in an online interview.