Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Prof Isa Pantami, has urged Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) newly inaugurated Board Member, Prof Mansur Bindawa to ensure consumers’ protection in the telecommunications industry. Pantami made this charge at the inaugural ceremony of Prof Bindawa as Non-executive Commissioner of NCC’s Governing Board on Monday in Abuja. The Minister charged Bindawa, NCC board members to consider the interest of telecommunications consumers as their paramount responsibility. He said, “I want to use this opportunity to remind the Board of its responsibility, prior to the inauguration of the New Member. The main responsibility is to ensure consumer protection. “The board has power to approve license, regulations governing the sector. Most of these approvals are granted based on the recommendation of the Management. “It is because of this I do hope that you will be another good addition that will support, consolidate NCC’s achievement. And also make sure that we have people with diverse experience to be able to work together, support each other toward the success of the Commission. “The board must ensure that our interest as Nigerians, consumers is well protected. In his welcome remarks, the ExecutiveViceChairman, EVC/Chief Executive Officer, CEO of NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta said Bindawa’s appointment will consolidate the improvement of the commission. “I am sure you will add value to this important process of moving the Commision to a greater height”, he stated. Meanwhile, NCC’s Board Chairman, Prof Adeolu Akande in his remarks, expressed optimism that Prof Bindawa’s appointment will benefit the Commision. In his words, “We look forward to your addition and will be of immense benefit to NCC. We have worked over the years as a family, not only at the board level, but also with the management, staff and the Ministry to drive your assignment successfully”. Also speaking, Bindawa appreciated President Muhammadu Buhari for the opportunity to serve the Country. “I appreciate President Muhammadu Buhari for the opportunity to serve Nigeria. I will do my best to improve the achievement already made in the Nigerian Communications Commission(NCC)”, he stated. Recall that earlier this Month, the Senate confirmed Prof Bindawa as Non-executive Commissioner of the Governing Board of NCC. Bindawa was born in 1960 in Bindawa, Katsina State. He attended his primary school in Bindawa, went to Government Secondary School Malumfashi, ABU, Zaria and Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University, Bauchi. He was a Graduate Assistant at ATBC/ABU, Bauchi, College Farm; Graduate Assistant, Crop Production Programme, ATBU; Assistant Lecturer; Senior Lecturer; Reader and Visiting Professor, Faculty of Agriculture; Professor of Agronomy, ATBU, Bauchi; Federal University, Dutsin-Ma; and Professor on Sabbatical, Department of Crop Science, Kano University of Science and Technology, Wudil, among many top positions he held in the university system.