Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has said President Muhammadu Buhari instructed Governor Abubakar Bello of Niger State to take over the leadership of the All Progressives Congress, APC. In an interview yesterday, El-Rufai said, Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State cannot return as the Chairman of the Caretaker Committee of the Party. 2. The Senate, on Wednesday, rejected a bill by President Muhammadu Buhari, seeking the amendment of Section 84 (12) of the Electoral Act. Section 84 (12), which prevents political office holders from contesting for election from the party primary level without resigning. 3. Some soldiers have lost their lives in a gun duel with bandits in Zuru emirate of Kebbi State. The Kebbi State Government revealed this when the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, visited Birnin Kebbi, the State capital, on Wednesday. 4. Some Nigerian students in Russia have lamented the effect of sanctions imposed by Russia. Following the invasion of Ukraine on the orders of President Valdimir Putin, many Western nations slammed sanctions on Russia. In an interview yesterday, Yahya Usman YZ, president of Nigerian students in Russia, said the sanctions have started taking toll on them. 5. The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved a memo banning foreigners or their agents from purchasing agricultural commodities at farm gates across the country. Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo stated this when he briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of the Council meeting, presided over by Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, on Wednesday. 6. India has surpassed Nigeria as the nation with the highest number of extremely poor people. The World Poverty Clock, WPC, said this in its recent update, considering the COVID-19 pandemic economic effect. 7. The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Kebbi State Area Command, has impounded an articulated vehicle (trailer) loaded with donkey skin worth more than N42 million. Addressing newsmen on Wednesday at the headquarters of the command in Birnin Kebbi, the Command’s Comptroller, Mr Joseph Attah, described the act as illegal. 8. The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba, with other members of the Force Management Team, on Wednesday, March 9, 2022, paid a condolence visit to the widow and family of the late DIG Joseph Obiajulu Egbunike, at their Abuja residence. 9. Taraba State police command has confirmed the death of one person after hoodlums clashed with operatives of the National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, in Taraba State. Spokesman of the State Police command, DSP Abdullahi Usman, spoke to Vanguard via telephone. 10. A retired Deputy Inspector General of Police, Parry Osayande, has faulted the approval of hijab for female police officers by the Inspector General of Police, Usman Baba. Osayende, at a press conference in Benin, Edo State on Wednesday, described the newly-approved dress code for female police officers in the country as illegal and unconstitutional.