The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has told the Federal Ministry of Works and the Ogun State Government to respect the Certificate of Occupancy (‘C of O’) of the Islamic City which is located at the Pakuro-Lotto axis of Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. A statement issued by its director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, MURIC said the settlement was built by the Zumratul Jamiu Mumin Society of Nigeria (ZJM) decades ago but there are plans by the Federal Ministry of Works to demolish the whole settlement in favour of a fly-over bridge The group accused the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG of conspiring with authorities to claim the area. He said: “The Federal Ministry of Works allegedly marked buildings located inside the Islamic City, a settlement of the Zumratul Jamiu Mumin Society of Nigeria (ZJM) located at the Pakuro-Lotto axis of Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. “The marking exercise immediately produced fears of demolition particularly as it was followed by briefings from men of the ministry who revealed that it was for the purpose of an interchange and flyover. “Although the ministry has not made another move since MURIC cried out against the proposed demolition in its 14th October, 2022 press release, nobody can tell when bulldozers from the ministry will move into the settlement. Since to be forewarned is to be forearmed, we remind the Ministry of works that the whole settlement has a ‘C of O’ and this should be respected. “Nigerian Muslims will not fold their arms and watch one of the products of its hard labour disappear in rubles more so since the Islamic City is situated between two Christian entities, the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) Camp and the Deeper Life Bible Church Camp. MURIC will ensure that Nigerian Muslims resist this with every legitimate means at their disposal. “The Redeemed Church leadership has also been fingered as having an interest in evicting the Islamic City from its environs. Officials of the Islamic City confided in MURIC that RCCG clerics had approached them to sell off their priced property because the church was ‘not comfortable with an Islamic group nearby’.