The Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, has advised the new Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Lekan Balogun, not to ignore the core traditional rites and practices that made Ibadan what it is today. Adams made this disclosure while speaking at the grand finale of the 2022 edition of Oke’badan festival, held at Cultural Centre, Mokola Ibadan on Wednesday. Our correspondent recalls that the 42th Olubadan, Oba Lekan Balogun, ascended the throne on March 11 this year. Adams has, however, enjoined the new monarch not to abandon the traditional rites and practices that made Ibadan what it is today. The Aare Ona Kakanfo, while addressing the gathering, explained that the glory of Ibadan and the legacy must continue to thrive because cultural promotion is one of the tools for spiritual and physical liberation. He advised the new Olubadan to sustain the values that made Ibadan the pride of all South-West states. He added that there is a need for the new monarch to restore the glory of the ancient town by making Oke’badan festival one of the most colourful festivals in Nigeria and West Africa. Adams, while speaking further, remarked that the stool of Olubadan of Ibadan land is purely traditional, adding that the monarch occupies prominent place in the history of Yoruba land. The Aare Ona Kakanfo said that the burial of any Olubadan as a prominent monarch in Yoruba land should be more traditional than religious. He added that this is because, the myth and respect that are attached to every Yoruba Obas across the southwest is legendary. “On this note, I will like to use this opportunity to advise the new Olubadan, Oba Mohood Olalekan Balogun, not to ignore the core traditional rites and practices that had made Ibadan what it is today. “For instance, the stool of Olubadan of Ibadan land is purely traditional. The monarch occupies prominent place in the history of Yoruba land. As such the burial of any Olubadan as a prominent monarch in Yoruba land should be more traditional than religious. “This is the truth because the myth and respect that are attached to every Yoruba Obas across the southwest is legendary. Traditional rites is the soul of every traditional institution. Once it is removed, the institution remains empty and lacks the true respect. “What this implies is that even if an Olubadan subscribes to a religion, it does not matter when it comes to the issues of rites of passage or the core tradition. “Whether we like it or not, Yoruba traditional rites is sacred and unique. It is what really defines our core values as a race. “So, I am appealing to Kabiesi to look into this obvious lapses and find a way of restoring the values and glories of the traditional institution in Ibadan land. It is the duty of all Yoruba Obas to promote and sustain our cultural identity in the most appropriate way.”