Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. There was anxiety in Badore, in Iju Odo, Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State when an eagle wearing a ring, fell from the sky and landed in the community. Residents were said to have reported the development to the police. 2. Terrorists have reportedly invaded eight communities in Munya Local Government Area of Niger State, killing scores and injuring many villagers within three days. The villages include Liwi, Paidna, Tsohon Kabula, Chibani, Fuka, Kuchi, Dandaudu and Mararraban Dandaudu. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has accused the media of wasting time on the crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress (APC). Although the APC has been battling different crises, things took a worse turn when Governor Sani Bello of Niger State assumed leadership of the party’s caretaker committee in the absence of Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State. 4. Gunmen on Friday, stormed a burial ceremony in Ndingbu village, Nnewi South Local Government Area of Anambra State, abducting one person. It was gathered that in the attack, the gunmen targeted vigilante operatives who were at the ceremony to provide security for the mourners. 5. Parents and guardians of some students who recently graduated from Bishop Oyedepo’s school (Landmark University, Omu-Aran, Kwara State) have accused the management of the institution of withholding the National Youth Service Corps Scheme call up letters of their children over their absence in a prayer session held to bid them farewell from the institution. 6. The National Executive Council, NEC, of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, will hold its meeting on Sunday in Abuja to decide the next line of action as its four-week warning strike comes to an end on Monday. In an interview on Saturday, the union’s National President, Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke, said the NEC would decide its next action. 7. As the scheming for who becomes Nigeria’s President next year intensifies with different permutations by the two major parties, the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has engaged the services of some prominent Nigerian influencers to lobby the United States (US) to support it to upstage the All Progressives Congress (APC) from the Presidential Villa in the next elections. 8. The Katsina State Police Command has paraded the remains of four terrorists killed by its operatives when they foiled a terrorists attack, raided and burnt down three of their camps within Katsina State. The police also recovered two operational motorcycles belonging to the terrorists, 131 rustled cows and 55 sheep in the course of the operation. 9. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State weekend said God has not revealed his successor to him assuring that he has no preferred candidate in the coming general elections and has also not anointed anyone as his successor. 10. President of the Aliko Dangote Foundation, Aliko Dangote has called for the removal of import duty on the micronutrient premixes used in fortification of staple foods even as he expressed worry that Nigeria faces scarcity in the supply of some food materials that are majorly imported from Russia and Ukraine in three months due to the ongoing war in the region.