The Speaker of Zamfara State House of Assembly, Hon. Nasiru Muazu Magarya, has condemned outrightly the recent Abuja-Kaduna train attack, urging the federal government measures towards the protection of lives and properties of Nigerians in the axis. This was contained in a press release by the Director Press Affairs and Public Relations of the House, Mustapha Jafaru Kaura and made available to newsmen on Wednesday. The statement stated that the Speaker joins millions of well-meaning Nigerians in condemning in its totality the heinous, cowardly, as well as dastardly attack on the Abuja-Kaduna bound train by terrorists on the night of Monday 28/03/2022 near Rijana in Kaduna State. “The Speaker, who was visibly shocked on hearing the unfortunate news described the incident as one sad event on the hitherto most safest means of transportation in the country. “While praising the prompt response of security agencies to the scene of the event, the Speaker calls for total overhaul and restructuring of the security architecture of the country by taking the fight to the enclaves of the terrorists instead of responding to distressed calls.” He further warned that the terrorists that their ill- conceived motive of destabilizing Nigeria would never see the light of the day, adding that “The corporate existence of the country is non negotiable.” Magarya, however, on behalf of himself, his family, colleagues, management and entire staff of the Assembly condoled the families of those that lost their precious lives. He also commiserated with those that were injured, particularly the former Deputy Governor of Zamfara state and chieftain of the APC in the state, Mallam Ibrahim Muhammad Wakkala and prayed to Allahu (SWT) for their speedy Recovery. According to him, his special concern goes to the abducted ones and prayed for their safe return to their loved one. He called on the security agencies in the country to use their professional expertise in tracking the enclaves of the terrorists and rescue the victims safely. “He further calls on President Muhammadu Buhari led Federal Government to as a matter of urgency declare a State of Emergency on Security in the entire NorthWest zone, as 2023 General Elections draw nearer. “The Speaker prayed to Allah to forestall the reoccurrence of this sad and horrific incidence in future.” “He also prayed for a lasting peace, harmony, and tranquility in the north-western region and the country as a whole.”