Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki and two Governors on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, are currently working on an alliance ahead of the party’s primary. Saraki disclosed this on Sunday when he and Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State, also a PDP presidential hopeful, paid a consultative visit to Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State. 2. The woman leader of Koro ward of APC in Ekiti Local Government Area of Kwara State, Mrs Olomi Sunday, was killed during a rescue effort by the local vigilante, on Sunday. The deceased was among the three ward women leaders that were kidnapped while returning from the inauguration of the State executive of the APC held at the Kwara State Banquet Hall last week. 3. A former deputy national chairman of the PDP, Chief Olabode George at the weekend insisted that he would leave Nigeria if the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and a presidential aspirant, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu becomes president in 2023. According to him, Tinubu has not done anything for the country to deserve such an honour of being elected President. 4. Peter Obi, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Vice Presidential candidate in the 2019 elections, has attributed the challenges confronting Nigeria to lack of God-fearing leaders. Obi, who spoke in Anambra yesterday, said Nigeria’s problem is more than the 2023 election, which seems to be capturing the attention of the government at the moment. 5. A former governor of Borno State, Senator Ali Modu Sheriff, has shelved his ambition to be national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC). This followed the zoning of the chairmanship slot to the North Central during a meeting of APC stakeholders in Aso Rock. 6. Alhaji Lukman Shittu, an Oyo-based cleric, has alleged that one of the worshippers at a mosque he presides over, impregnated his wife. He made the allegation while testifying before a Grade A Customary Court sitting at Mapo, Ibadan, the State capital. 7. Islamic State’s West African Province (ISWAP) leader, Sani Shuwaram, is dead. Shuwaram and other terrorists were eliminated after aerial bombardments carried out in Marte Local Government Area of Borno State. 8. The Imo State Police Command, on Sunday, said it has killed four hoodlums that attacked Omuma Police Station, in Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State. The State Commissioner of Police, CP Rabiu Hussaini, who confirmed the incident, said the hoodlums are suspected to be members of IPOB/ ESN. 9. Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, will this weekend, declare for a second term at the national convention of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abuja. It was gathered that Tinubu had instructed the party leaders to work for his re-election. 10. The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, SAN, has approved a request by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency for the confiscation of DCP Abba Kyari’s property and money in the bank. It was gathered that the NDLEA’s request, which was dispatched to the justice ministry penultimate week, had received the AGF’s nod.