The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has berated the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed over the performance claims All Progressives Congress (APC) administration, saying the only legitimate achievement of the ruling party is corruption. PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, Monday dismissed the press conference addressed by the Minister of Information and Culture, describing his claims as another anthology of lies. According to the PDP, the hurried press conference is another desperate and disoriented stunt by the APC administration to divert public attention from the exposed corruption records of the APC national leadership. The major opposition party also lambasted Minister over alleged attempts to divert public attention from the manifest collapse of security, command and control structure under President Muhammadu Buhari. It also lamented the alleged excruciating economic hardship, hunger and other life discounting experiences being faced by Nigerians daily because of severe food crisis, lingering fuel emergency, high cost of essential commodities and services, closure of schools, insecurity and mass killing, collapse of healthcare system and decayed public infrastructure under APC. The opposition party described as height of impunity and arrogance that the Minister of Information and Culture, could address the media to claim that the APC government has achieved food sufficiency, particularly in rice production. The statement partly read “A bag of rice which sold for N7,500 under the PDP now sells for over N30,000, a measure of bean which sold for N350 under the PDP now sells for over N1000, a measure of garri which sold for N120 under the PDP now sells for N700, a bottle of palm oil which sold for N250 under the PDP now sells for over N1000. “In the same vein, a kilo of meat which sold for N700 under the PDP now sells for N3000, a liter of petrol which sold for N87 under the PDP now sells for as high as N400 to N500 while a liter of diesel which sold for N110 under the PDP now sells for over N800, yet Lai Mohammed provocatively claims that Nigerians are better off under the APC. “Nigerians know better and the question to ask is, Is your life better now in 2022 under the APC than it was in 2015 under the PDP? “It is ludicrous and insensitive that the APC government went to the media to list non-existence roads, bridges, agricultural and health projects as achievements. More pathetic is the APC’s attempt to claim credit for development projects initiated and implemented by successive PDP administrations including in our railways, aviation, agricultural, healthcare, education, telecommunications, banking and manufacturing sectors among others”. PDP said it is laughable that the APC government was also claiming credit for critical projects in various parts of the country which are being funded by resources mobilized by the PDP administrations. It insisted that, the only legitimate achievements of the APC government include its corruption record (second most corrupt in West Africa and 154 out of 180 in Global Corruption Index), over 33 percent unemployment rate, a weakened currency at over N500 to a dollar, N33 trillion foreign debt and still counting and the siphoning of over N16 trillion by APC leaders. PDP cautioned the APC that its continued arrogance in failure is daily confronting Nigerians and the consequences are better imagined.