The Osun State Police has paraded a couple, Ganiyat Abass and Olatunbosun for the alleged theft of a six-day-old baby from his lactating mother, Jemilat Musa, a 23-year-old mentally challenged female at Agbele Compound, Iwo. The couples who were paraded at the Osun State Police Command headquarters, Osogbo on Friday had denied the allegation of theft to which they have been arrested. The Iwo Division of the Nigeria Police had alleged that she was arrested after an alarm was raised of a missing child and the child was found stuffed in a shopping bag. In her statement before journalists, Ganiyat said she was a friend to Jemilat, the mentally challenged mother of the child and had given her money to buy bean cake. She said all through Jemilat’s pregnancy, she was always by her side, clothing and feeding her. She also said she wanted to see her husband who had moved to his new house, so she hurriedly carried the infant in her hands before she was apprehended and an alarm was raised. Olatunbosun, the husband to Ganiyat Abass who denied knowledge of the theft said all he knew was that Ganiyat told him she was pregnant and always demanded money for a scan from him which he always gave her. He stated that he was not aware of any plans by her to steal any baby. However, Jemilat’s mother denied knowledge of the suspect adding that they did not know her and all she wanted to do was to steal the newborn baby. The Osun Commissioner of Police, Olawale Olokode in a statement said, ” Ganiyat Abass and Olatunbosun Ajibola, were arrested on the 24th March, 2022 at about 2030hrs. The complainant reported at Iwo Division that, the above-named suspects connived and stole a six-day-old baby girl from the lactating mother who is mentally challenged, by name Jemilat Musa ‘f’ 23yrs, residing at Agbele’s compound Iwo. “The first suspect went to the apartment of the mother pretending to be her sister-in-law, trickly gave her some wraps of cornmeal and sum of N200 to go and buy bean cake (Moi-Moi). Shortly after the baby’s mother left to buy the bean cake, the suspect quickly put the baby inside a sack and ran away. Suspects were arrested at the early hours of today 25th March 2022 in collaboration with the civilian JTF. “During interrogation, they confessed to the crime. Suspects will be charged to court after the completion of investigations.” Also paraded by the command were Agbebaku David (35), Olubunmi Adewale (34) and Oderinde Oluwaseun for conspiracy, armed robbery, impersonation and obtaining money under false pretence. Also paraded were Ibrahim Ajibola, aged 27, arrested for conspiracy, suspected armed robbery and impersonation, Adejuyigbe Oluwaseun, aged 28 for obtaining money under false pretence, identity theft and stealing, Saheed Abioye, aged 32 and Audi Garuba, aged 45 for conspiracy, burglary, stealing and receiving stolen properties. Emmanuel David, aged 19, Chibuike Godspower Ogbonna, aged 16, Jesse Izedi, Olaolu James, aged 33 and Favour Ige, aged 21 were arrested for fraud.