Senator Ademola Adeleke has insisted that he remains the Osun Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial candidate for the Saturday, July 16, gubernatorial election in Osun State. In a widely circulated statement made available by the Ademola Adeleke Campaign Organisation on Saturday, Adeleke who insisted that his emergence was a product of due compliance with the party and Nigeria’s Constitution added that by law and tradition, he still remained the flagbearer. Stressing that he is ready to lead the party to victory in the gubernatorial polls, the 2018 Osun PDP gubernatorial candidate described the ongoing legal tussle instituted by Dotun Babayemi, the candidate of another faction of the party as usual. He said those that have headed to the courts to seek legal redress and those who have filed petitions against him were only exercising their rights. He hinted that in due course, his candidature will be embraced by all as the will of the party delegates. In his words, “The leadership rejected frantic bid to disenfranchise us. The NWC insisted on due process and tradition. I am a product of due compliance with PDP and Nigeria’s constitution. By law and tradition, I remain the flagbearer of our great party and I am ready with God and men to lead PDP to victory. “The ongoing legal tussle is nothing unusual. Those who headed to court and those who filed appeal petitions are only exercising their rights. In due course, the will of party delegates leading to my candidature will be embraced by all. “I once again call on my fellow aspirants to let us unite to secure victory for the party. Our team is open to all and we promise we will run an inclusive campaign and government in the best interest of the people of Osun state”, Senator Adeleke said. On the legality of the gubernatorial primary election which was held on March 8, 2022, Adeleke opined that the Iyorchia Ayu leadership was honest, transparent and fair to all during the exercise. He also added that the leadership of the party obeyed and enforced the party constitution irrespective of whoever was contesting.