The Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) has declared that the poor living conditions of thousands of policemen and policewomen in the country is responsible for the frequent extortion of members of the public by the security agents. SPN said that the working conditions of the rank and file policemen and women are terrible, that is why majority of them resort to extortion of the members of the public in order to cater for their needs. Recall that there was a planned strike by some angry policemen. DAILY POST gathered that the angry policemen said that they intend to embark on the strike due to poor working conditions. SPN has however said that poor working conditions, poor salaries and poor living condition of majority of the policemen is responsible for the daily extortion of members of the public. In a statement signed by its acting National Chairperson, Comrade Abiodun Bamigboye and Secretary, Comrade Chinedu Bosah, the party said that it welcomes any action taken by the policemen in order to improve their welfare. The duo, in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, further said that majority of policemen and women have been subjected to abject poverty and misery. They insisted that this is partly responsible for the extortion and sometimes brutality of the poor masses. They added that the government and the police authorities should allow the policemen to form their own union and associations that will be fighting on their behalf. They said, “The Socialist Party of Nigeria, (SPN) supports the demand for an improvement in the living and working conditions of the ordinary police officers and adds that it should include living wage and the right to form and belong to a trade union by the rank and file police officers. “The working conditions of the rank and file policemen and women are terrible, to say the least, the wage is nothing to write home about and many security operatives are condemned to misery. “This include the policy wherein an average policemen and women earn less than N60,000. This amount which is ridiculously less than the cost of 2 bags of rice and 75 litres of diesel is not acceptable especially in an economy that has experienced hyperinflation and 100% hike in electricity tariff. “Unortunately, it is the condemnation of the vast majority of policemen and women to abject poverty and misery with arms in their hands and the lack of democratic control of the police force that is partly responsible for the extortion and sometimes brutality of the poor masses in the hands of some notorious policemen and women. “In conclusion, we demand the right to form and belong to a trade union for the rank and file policemen and women, as well as the military as a means of agitating and negotiating better working and living conditions. Again, the police and military should be controlled democratically by the rank and file and representatives of the working class”.