The Katsina State Police Command has succeeded in busting a notorious syndicate of four armed robbers who specialize in breaking into people’s homes in Katsina metropolis. Nemesis caught up with the hoodlums when they attacked the house of one Mustapha Dalhat, a resident of Modoji Quarters, where they inflicted a deep machete cut injury on his head and carted away his Peugeot 206 vehicle, mobile phones, TV set and the sum of N150,000 cash. The spokesman of the Katsina Force Command, SP Gambo Isah, disclosed this on Wednesday, while parading the suspects before newsmen at the state headquarter. SP Gambo gave the identity of the three suspects who all reside within Katsina metropolis as follows: Shamsu Umar 29, of kofar marusa quarters, Mustafa Nuhu 27 of Ambassador Quarters, Abdulsalam Sale (alias Nadurundu) 29, of Sabuwar Kasuwa Quarters. While two of the suspects, Shamsu and Sale confessed to have participated in the attack on Dalhat’s residence, Nuhu denied involvement, insinuating that he was being framed up. Shamsu, in his confession, alleged that it was Nuhu that led them to the houses where they robbed. SP Gambo, while briefing the press on the arrest said: “The fact of the case is, on 28/2/2022 at about 1000hrs the syndicate attacked the residence of one Mustafa Dalhat ‘m’ aged 32 years of Modoji Quarters, where they inflicted deep machete cut injury on his head and carted away (1) Peugeot 206 motor vehicle with registration number ABJ 683 AE, two GSM set (iphone) valued at one hundred and fifty thousand (150,000) naira, one Infinix Hot 10 lite valued at N60,000, One LG plasma tv set valued at N83,000, the cash sum of N105,000 among other valuables worth over N1.5 million. “Nemesis caught up with the syndicate when they were accosted by a team of Policemen and vigilante after they broke into the residence of one Mrs Isma’il Bishir located at Ambassador Quarters and carted away her vehicle. In the course of investigation, the suspects confessed to the commission of the offence. Investigation is ongoing.”