A social worker, Mrs. Rasheedat Sanusi, has told an Ikeja Domestic Violence and Sexual Offences Court how a `bishop’, Felix Okon, purportedly defiled his 16-year-old daughter and another minor. NAN reports that Sanusi testified on Wednesday at the commencement of Okon’s trial on a two-count charge of defilement. Led in evidence by Mr. Peter Owolabani, state counsel, Sanusi said she had served Lagos State Government for 20years as a social worker. She said she is presently serving at the state’s Education District One in Agege. According to her, Okon’s daughter told her that Okon had been having sexual intercourse with her since August 2019, when she was on a long vacation from school. She also testified that the defendant ran a church at his residence. The witness told the court that the other underage child, also allegedly defiled by Okon, was a daughter of a member of the church, who also resided in the premises. Sanusi said: “She said it started on a particular night her father called her into his room and gave her a hot drink. After some minutes, he gave her blood tonic. “She said she became weak thereafter, and he told her to lie down on his bed. “She said she slept off, and at midnight, she noticed that her father was having sex with her. “She said she wanted to scream and she could not push him off her. After that, he told her to go and sleep on a mat in the bedroom.” Sanusi said that as soon as she received the report, she visited the school, interviewed the girls separately and made a report to the Gowon Estate Police Station. The social worker said the defendant was consequently arrested. She said the case was transferred to the Gender Unit of the
Ikeja Police Command. Mr. A. C. Maduemezia, defence counsel, during cross-examination of the witness, told the court that her evidence was hearsay. “My lord, what she has told the court is hearsay. She is just saying what she was told,” Maduemezia said. Justice Abiola Soladoye, however, adjourned the matter to May 9, 2022, for a continuation of trial. Okon is facing a 2-count charge of defilement, contrary to Section 137 of the Criminal Law of Lagos, 2015. According to the prosecution, he defiled his daughter and the 14-year-old at his residence on Gowon Estate, Ipaja, Lagos State.