The Kaduna State Government on Tuesday confirmed the killing of 34 persons, with several others injured in a violent attack in Kaura Local Government Area of the state. DAILY POST reports that suspected gunmen had on Sunday, attacked Kagoro community, killed several people, including two military personnel. Mr. Samuel Aruwan, Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, who confirmed the killing in a statement on Tuesday, said two military personnel lost their lives in the attack with several others injured. He said security agencies have reported to the Kaduna State Government that after search operations and detailed checks, 34 people have been confirmed dead following Sunday’s attack on Kaura. He said four locations were attacked by unidentified assailants: Tsonje, Agban, Katanga and Kadarko, all within Kagoro Chiefdom of Kaura LGA. He said two military personnel were among the 34 killed, with local residents making up 32 casualties. He listed the 32 killed as; Angelina Aboi, Godiya Iliya, Peace Iliya, Stephen Emmanuel, Patrick Pius, Gwamna Ishaya, Philip Joseph, Godwin Latong, Aba Chawai, Nancy Luka Others are; Sophia Luka , Hosea James, Daniel Sofa, Geoffrey Ado, Bala James, Henry Dauda, Augustine Iliya, rmiya Michael, Murna Luka,Monday Buki, Reuben Kumai, Zilien Gudak, Anita Dauda Kawai, Rifkatu Dauda Kawai, Titi Bawa, Jacob Yayock, Samuel Ufui, Silas Bulus, Victor Ayuka, Jummai Yunana, Sunday Tachio and Hope Luka. He said the following seven people were injured and are receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospital; Ndau Abba,Mani Luka, Habila Sambo,Ibrahim Daniel, Julius Tachio, Rose Sunday, Sadunga Kamai. He said Mrs Abigail Joshua from Adan community is currently missing. “Furthermore, over 200 houses and 32 shops were burnt in the attack. Three vehicles and 17 motorcycles were vandalized,” he said. According to him, Governor Nasir El-Rufa’i expressed grief at the feedback, and sent condolences to the families of the locals killed. He prayed for the repose of their souls as he wished the injured quick recovery. The Governor also condoled the Military High Command, and the families of the military personnel who paid the ultimate price in the line of duty during the attack, just as he prayed for the repose of their souls. He said the governor appealed to citizens to remain calm and cooperate with security agencies as efforts were sustained to stabilize the area. “The Kaduna State Government enjoins all residents to carefully observe the 24-hour curfew in force in the area. The curfew was declared on the advice of security agencies to prevent the escalation of violence. “Security reports revealed that criminals took advantage of the chaos to wreak havoc of their own. A bus was attacked by a mob in Agban, and the conductor was killed. Similarly, some places of worship were torched as tension rose in Kafanchan. “The curfew is, therefore, essential to urgently stem the tide of violence.
“Government is working ceaselessly with security forces to restore normalcy to the area. Deep consultations with stakeholders are also ongoing. “Further developments will be communicated to the public as they emerge,” he said.