President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday in Abuja asked the Senate to confirm and renew membership of the Monetary Policy Committee, MPC in the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. This is even as the President also forwarded a for bill to reposition digital technology in Nigeria to the National Assembly. The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated 23rd February, 2022 and addressed to the Senate President, Dr. Ahmad Lawan. The letter was read on Tuesday during plenary by the Senate President. President Buhari, in the letter, explained that the confirmation and membership renewal request was made pursuant to Section 12(4) of the Central Bank Act, 2007. He also requested the confirmation of two new nominees and renewal of five members of the Monetary Policy Committee. The two new nominees for confirmation are Prof. Mohammed Adaya Salisu and Dr. Mo’Omamegbe. Those for renewal include: Prof. Michael Obadan, Prof. Festus Adeola Adenikinju, Prof. Aliyu Sanusi Rafindadi, Dr. Robert Asogwa and Alhaji Aliyu Ahmed. Meanwhile, the Startup Bill transmitted by President Buhari was accompanied with a letter dated the 21st February, 2022, and read during plenary by the Senate President. The President, in the letter, explained that the Startup bill seeks to position the country’s Startup Ecosystem and to establish a National Council for Digital Innovation and Entrepreneurship. The letter reads in part, “Pursuant to Sections 58(2) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended), I hereby forward The Nigeria Startup Bill, 2021 for the kind consideration of the Senate. “The Nigeria Startup Bill, 2021 aims to position Nigeria’s Startup ecosystem, as the leading digital technology center in Africa, having excellent innovators with cutting edge skills and exportable capacity, in order to do this, the Bill seeks to establish a National Council for Digital Innovation and Entrepreneurship. “While hoping that this submission will receive the usual expeditious consideration of the Senate, please accept, Distinguished Senate President, the assurances of my best regards.”