A faction of All Progressives Congress in Osun State loyal to the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, fumed over former Deputy Governor, Senator Iyiola Omisore’s intention to run for the party’s National Secretary. The faction group, The Osun Progressives (TOP), said Omisore was described by former interim National Chairman of APC, Chief Adebisi Akande, as ‘a wolf in wolf clothing’. Recall that Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, who is the coordinator of the Southwest Governors’ Forum, announced the nomination of Omisore and Isaac Kekemeke (Ondo State) as candidate for National Vice Chairman (Southwest). Reacting to the nomination, the group, in a statement signed by TOP Chairman, Adelowo Adebiyi, on Monday, sounded a note of warning to the APC leader who according to them “have embraced a fair-weather friend, who is carrying the albatross of complicity in the death of our leaders, Chief Bola Ige.” According to the group, Omisore, who had been with Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) since his defection from AD 2002 and SDP in 2018 – joined APC to save his Political Ambition. “It is more unfortunate that the leaders, who are two governors in the South-West, are supporting a stranger who does not share or believe in the progressive’s ideology to take over the secretariat of the party. TOP, however, rejected the “selfish imposition” consensus for Omisore to become the National Secretary of the party and accused Governor Oyetola of motivating it. “It is crystal clear that the leaders who ratified Omisore are only interested in protecting their selfish interests at the expense of the wellbeing and progress of APC. “If Governor Gboyega Oyetola will not mind being an associate of an alleged murderer and sponsor of many killings in the state, we at the TOP will not join him and we are telling the whole world that we are not going to join those dancing on Uncle Bola Ige’s grave with his alleged killer. “We seize this opportunity to back the efforts and stated position of President Muhammadu Buhari that all interests within the party must be brought on board and accommodated in delivering a successful convention and invariably a united APC going forward,” Adelowo said.