No fewer than 20 persons have been feared killed in an early morning attack on Taraba community by suspected herders. The attack, which occurred in Tor-Damisa village of Donga Local Government Council, was also said to have left scores of persons with varying degrees of injuries. Apart from several numbers of women and children who are not only inflicted with injuries but also hacked to death, several houses and valuables worth millions of naira were also confirmed to have been razed down by the attackers. DAILY POST gathered that the attack, which has forced residents of the village to relocate to nearby villages and local government councils for safety, was in reaction to an earlier attack on a herder whom our correspondent learnt was allegedly shot by a Tiv person. Confirming the report, the village head of the community, Zaki Ugondo Uma, said “so far, we have recovered 26 corpses,” majority of whom he admitted are women and children. The monarch, who agreed that there was a little misunderstanding between the herders and some of Tiv farmers, felt sad that his efforts and that of his counterpart from the Fulani extraction proved abortive. “Some farmers had an issue with the Fulani herders, but we reached a truce and they assured us of peace,” Uma said. Calling on the government and all the relevant security operatives to come to their rescue by deploying more security personnel to the area, the victims, majority of whom are now rendered homeless, he said are in dire need of relief materials. The council chairman, Nashuka Musa, who also confirmed that there was an attack on one of the communities in the council, said over 26 persons were killed with several others injured. Some persons from the community who claimed to have narrowly escaped death, believed that the death toll could be more than the figures given by the monarch. Aligning their weights to that of their monarch, they stressed the need for more troops to be deployed to the area so as to forestall further outbreak of upheaval.