Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has said the recent recognition of the state as one of the safest states in the federation by the police signifies his administration’s huge investment in security and social infrastructures. Wike, who is believed to be nursing a presidential ambition in 2023, noted that he has been leading the state with the fear of God. He added that in spite of the smear campaign by the All Progressives Congress, APC, governorship candidate, Dakuku Peterside against his governorship aspiration in 2015, he has in the last six years improved the security situation, critical infrastructure and economic fortune of Rivers state. The governor made the remarks during the 60th birthday celebration of the founder of the Royal House of Grace church, Apostle Zilly Aggrey in Port Harcourt on Sunday. Represented by the Chief of Staff, Government House, Port Harcourt, Chief Emeka Woke, the governor said irrespective of the opposition’s intentional efforts to undermine his reputation and credibility in 2015, he has consciously focused on delivery of quality governance in Rivers State. “We are glad that the Christians stood up. We are glad that the Christians in this place did not go to sleep, that is why I thought it necessary to recall this incident because the hour has come again. And we are also proud to say as an administration that we have not failed the Christian community. “As a government, we built a worship place for the Christian community for the first time in the history of Rivers State, the wonderful edifice called the Christian Ecumenical Centre, where Christians gather and call the name of God. “We have also with the fear of God Almighty not taken your support and prayer for granted as we have delivered on critical infrastructure. Today, anybody who has lived in this city (Port Harcourt) in the last five years will agree with me that even our opponents agree that we have done well in terms of infrastructure. “We have improved the security situation in this state. And I tell you that the crime index for this state has dropped drastically and last year, the Nigerian Police Force recognised Rivers state as one of the safest states. And so what is the implication of that? It means that the economic activities of the state had improved and then the economic indexes of the state had also improved.” Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the governor urged the Church to be wary of those professing to be Christians, but engage in a political smear campaign with the intent to deceive them and the public.