Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, has called on investors to take advantage of the potentials and vast grassland of Ogun to establish cattle ranches across the state. Abiodun made the call when he hosted the Chairman, Board of Council, Ogun State Chambers of Commerce, Mine and Agriculture (OGUNCCIMA), Chief (Mrs.) Alaba Lawson, who led officials of the Abeokuta Chambers of Commerce Mine and Agriculture (ABEOCCIMA) on a courtesy call to his Office at Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta He said his previous call for the establishment of cattle ranch in the state has started yielded fruits as a French Dairy firm has set up a ranch at Odeda Local Government Area, to produce milk and meat. “We want to encourage people to come and invest on cattle ranching in Ogun State. There is a big business opportunity in ranching in the state. This will discourage the incessant farmers/clashes which pose a security challenge in the country. “A French company known for production of high quality dairy products is operating a ranch at Odeda. They not only produce milk, but meat”, the governor noted. Abiodun further informed Chamber that over 25,000 jobs would be created as the result of his recent trip to Ethiopia and Egypt as one of the investor he had discussions with was in the dtate gathering data for the setting up of agro- processing zone to be located at the Cargo Airport which is under construction. He commended ABEOCCIMA for exposing the agricultural potentials of the state to the outside world, adding that the sector is a triple barrel that is helping his administration in solving unemployment by turning people to entrepreneurs in agriculture and ensuring food security in the state. While intimating that his administration was out to make a lasting impression through the provision of basic infrastructure particularly in the transportation sector, the governor maintained that the focus on road construction, which runs into thousands of kilometres, was to open up the state for genuine investors. He, however, calles on members of ABEOCCIMA to join his administration in taking the state to greater height. “Infrastructure is one of our key enablers an it is fundamental to the state to continue to be the industrial capital of the country. We must continue to ensure that we tap from our closeness to Lagos and gain from its expansion by providing infrastructure to those who are coming to our state to live or do business”, Abiodun stated. Speaking earlier, Mrs. Alaba Lawson said ABEOCCIMA was ready to establish a cattle ranch in the mode of what they saw in France when some officials of the body went on a tour, appealing to the state government to make available land for that purpose. Lawson who also informed the governor of this year’s Trade Fair scheduled for March 25, 2022, said the fair which would have people both in and outside the country in attendance, would further expose the investment potentials of the State to would be investors. Thanking the governor for transforming the landscape of the state through massive infrastructural development, the former president of NACCIMA, said the expansion and completion of the portion of road around GTB, would not only save school children around the axis from health hazards from dust, but would also forestall unnecessary traffic holdup and incessant accidents. The governor was latter presented with a letter of appreciation and gift from the students and parents of Alaba Lawson International School.