Following the arrest of the former Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, there have been calls for the anti-graft agency to arrest more governors who will be handing over to their successors in May 2023, 14 months from now. DAILY POST had reported that the immediate past governor of Anambra State was arrested by operatives of the EFCC on Thursday night, a few hours after he handed over power to his successor, Charles Soludo. Obiano who was arrested at the Lagos International Airport, on his way out of the country, spent his first night as former governor of Anambra State in EFCC custody. He was transferred to Abuja on Friday. The spokesman of the Commission, Wilson Uwajaren who spoke with DAILY POST on Friday, said the governor had been on the EFCC’s watch list before now but could not be arrested due to his immunity as an incumbent governor. When asked what particular crime the ex-governor committed to warrant his arrest, Wilson said “it is still under investigation and the outcome will be made public”. President General of the Coalition of Southern and Middle Belt Youth Leaders Assembly, COSMBYLA, Goodluck Ibem in an interview with DAILY POST on Friday alleged that there are more corrupt governors that need to be arrested by the agency. He said, “The EFCC should be prepared to arrest all the governors that will be found wanting on corruption. The governors must be held accountable for misappropriation of funds and other illegal activities while in office. “The office of the governor is for the general public not for their private use. You can’t be embezzling public funds just because you are a governor and then expect to go free. According to him, many governors in the South are not better than the embattled ex-governor of Anambra, saying they should also be arrested upon completion of their tenures in 2023. However, when DAILY POST correspondent asked the EFCC spokesman if some governors are currently on the commission’s watch list, he said “I can only talk about Obiano for now”. A journalist, David Chem who spoke to our correspondent, expressed pessimism that the governors would devise means to remain in power after their tenures elapse in 2023. According to him, most of the governors who would be found wanting, are already vying for the Senate which may constitute a challenge if the EFCC moves to get them arrested. “Some of them are already campaigning for Senate, before the handing over, they must have been elected as senator representing their senatorial districts. So how can they be arrested? This is what most politicians have been doing”, he added.