The Bauchi State House of Assembly, on Thursday, at its plenary, passed a bill for a law to establish the State and Local Government Contributory Pension Scheme in the state. The passage of the bill followed the presentation of the report of the joint House Committee on Local Government, Finance and Public Service on the bill, presented by the chairman, Honourable Dan’umma Bello. Presenting the report, Bello informed that the joint committee observed that the bill was meant to ensure that every person who had worked in the public service and self-employed person who participated in the scheme of the state received their benefits as at when due. According to him, the scheme would invariably assist individuals in order for them to save with a view to catering for their livelihood during old age, adding that the bill had uniform set of rules and regulations as well as standard for the administration and payment of retirement benefits in the public service of the state and local governments. The chairman further informed the House that his committee observed that the bill provided that a retiree was entitled to a maximum of 300% of his total annual emolument as a gratuity after 35 years of service and 80% for pension as judges, Inspector General of Police, while academic staff of universities who retired as professor would get 100% of their total emolument as pension. Bello said the bill was modelled after the National Contributory Pension Act introduced in 2004 by the federal Government, adopted and domesticated by some state governments. He, therefore, said it was the recommendation of the committee that the timeframe for reporting the activities of the scheme to the governor should be extended to April ending of every year in order to allow the management of the scheme enough time to compile a comprehensive list of beneficiaries. The committee, according to its chairman, further recommended that to avoid non remittance of deducted funds to Pension Funds Administrators (PFAs), periodic reports of the entire pension transactions under the scheme should be sent to the state House of Assembly for special session and proper legislative appreciation. After the presentation, the Majority Leader, Tijjani Muhammad Aliyu, requested the House to allow the bill to undergo third reading. Thereafter, the Speaker, Right Honourable, Abubakar Suleiman, put the motion to voice voting, which the House unanimously approved. The speaker, therefore, asked the Clerk of the House, Umar Yusuf Gital, to carry out the third reading. The House then adjourned to 29th March, 2022.