The Forum of Middle Belt Youths has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to sack the Director-General of the Department of State Services, DSS, Yusuf Magaji Bichi over a security alert raised a few days ago. A report emerged on Saturday that three serving governors were secretly planning to destabilize the country particularly the North Central by mobilizing for protest worse than the 2020 EndSARS. The reports had claimed that the three governors who are expected to complete their 8 years in office in 2023 are from the North East, North Central, and South-South geopolitical zones respectively. The governors were said to be planning to frustrate the current administration in a bid to influence change in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. Reacting, the FMB led by its president, Terrence Kuanum lamented that such accusation would emerge from those saddled with the responsibility of securing the nation. At a press conference in Abuja on Tuesday, the forum alleged that there was an undisclosed agenda behind the allegations against the three governors. “Unfortunately, we find the tone and the real agenda behind such weighty allegations suspicious, particularly that the service has left the current precarious situation where terrorists have taken over a large chunk of the sovereignty of the country to satisfy some seeming political interests absurd. “There has been wanton destruction of lives and properties in Zamfara, Sokoto, Benue, Plateau, Taraba, Nasarawa, Kaduna and Niger States to mention a few, on a daily basis by Fulani herdsmen with millions of IDP camps across the country. In Sokoto State, for instance, these bandits severally turned communities into a killing field. “If the DSS claim that some governors are instigating violence, we want to ask, is it the governors that have influenced the current fuel crises in the country which is another knotty issue capable of sparking off a crisis? “We demand that President Buhari rejects that report and sacks the Director-General of the DSS without further delay for failing in his responsibilities and abating genocide in the country”, the forum’s president added.