There are so many ways you can win big at Bet9ja! Our sportsbook has endless possibilities, from pre-match and in-play betting on your favourite sports to virtual games, including Zoom, League and Stadium. Millionaires are made daily, and Bet9ja can be the place where your dreams come true. Here’s a look at the biggest winners over the past couple of weeks and how you could potentially follow suit in the near future. Millionaires made on Zoom As mentioned previously, there are many different verticals at your disposal with Bet9ja. That includes our Zoom Virtual Soccer game, where the action never stops. This virtual game allows you to sample the whole betting experience without waiting to follow your bet. You can bet on Zoom matches from Europe’s best leagues, including La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga, Ligue 1 and the Premier League. The game features real team names and league names with entirely simulated results, where the matches take place in real-time, giving you that realistic soccer feel. Each match day follows straight after the previous one finishes, meaning there’s always a chance for that big win on Zoom, even when there’s no Premier League or European football to enjoy. The markets are the same for live-betting matches, including 1X2 match result, Double Chance, Over/Under Goals, Both Teams To Score and many more. Adding multiple matches to your betting slip can often be the best way to become a Bet9ja millionaire.  A recent winner from early March bet 100 NGN on 22 different matches from five leagues, all in the same coupon. All 22 bets won, meaning the player scooped a massive 9.78m NGN from just a 100 NGN bet! Some of the markets the player bet on was the classic 1X2 home or away selection, Over/Under goals, Both Teams to Score and Double Chance, where you can bet on two of the three match result options. The 22 winners ranged from odds of 1.34 to the highest being selecting ‘No’ for Both Teams to Score during the Zoom Leicester City vs Zoom West Ham match at 1.97. Although Zoom is a virtually simulated game, there is still a stats page for you to utilise. Here you can see previous results from the season, the current league table, the form of each team and the win probability from the matches you want to bet on. All ways designed to help you become the next big millionaire winner! A player took home a convenient 7.4m NGN from a 100 NGN bet on Zoom in late March. This coupon involved 12 winners with riskier bets. Three of their winners came in at odds of more than 2, with another three at odds of 3 or more. Again, the 1X2 market was the most popular, with nine of the player’s winners coming from this selection, including Zoom Leeds to beat Zoom Man Utd at odds of 3.4. Life-changing coupons Recently, there have been some monumental life-changing winners betting on our soccer markets. Multiple bet coupons are the most popular and best way to becoming a Bet9ja millionaire, especially the more matches you add to your coupon.  In late March, one player turned a 100,000 NGN Coupon into 39.5m NGN thanks to their 18 selections all being correct. The winning coupon featured 18 different matches from likes of the English FA Cup, the Bundesliga, Scottish Premiership, Serie A, Eredivisie and England’s lower leagues. Some of the selections included Chelsea, Man City and Liverpool’s victories in the FA Cup quarter-finals, as well as selecting Over 1.5 Goals in the Oldham Athletic vs Exeter City match in England’s League Two. Odds in this coupon ranged from 1.11 to 2.24, showing how selecting the favourite from multiple matches on the same betting slip can win you big money. A similar coupon featuring 30 winning selections bagged 38.4m NGN from a 4,000 NGN bet on the same weekend. Most of these winners came from the 1X2 market and Double Chance winning picks, helping the player win a considerable sum. None of these winners had odds of more than 1.7 and came from leagues all over Europe. With 100s of leagues to bet on, there is always a market for you, depending on your preference. Our dedicated stats page on more than 30 sports, including from 100s of different countries for soccer, will help you make informed selection based on key up-to-the-date data all in one place. This Includes goals per match from each league, the best attacking and defensive teams and all the in-depth player stats you need. So why go anywhere else other than Bet9ja to turn your sporting knowledge and passion into life-changing winnings today?! Register on bet9ja.com today to get amazing bonuses and big winnings!