The Kaduna State Police Command, on Thursday, said it foiled a kidnapping attempt at Kwanan Janruwa, along Buruku–Birnin Gwari road. ASP Muhammed Jalige, Kaduna Police Public Relations Officer, in a statement in Kaduna, said the command received a report on March 22, 2022, through Divisional Police Officer Buruku, noting that on the same date, at about 1200 hours, reliable information go to them that armed bandits in their numbers had blocked some commuters at Kwanan Janruwa along Buruku–Birnin Gwari road. He said they were shooting sporadically in desperate moves to whisk away passengers of some vehicles. “Upon receipt of the information, men and logistics were quickly mobilised and dispatched to the location alongside other sister security agencies where a serious gun battle ensued.” According to him, the security agencies were able to force the bandits to retreat and flee into the forest with varying degrees of injuries. He said the following victims were rescued unharmed, namely; Abba Surajo ‘M’ Falalu Isa ‘M’ Aminu Saidu ‘M’ Shamsudden Haruna ‘M’ Hajara Ibrahim ‘F’ Lubabatu Umar ‘F’ all of Buruku village in Chikun LGA of Kaduna State. Jalige added during the operation, a Golf 2 vehicle, ash colour, with Reg. No. AR 73 MKA and a Golf 3 Sedan, white colour with Reg. No. DKA 241 XA were recovered. He said the victims were taken to the station, profiled and subsequently reunited with their loved ones, as more efforts are in place to checkmate bandits hibernating around the axis to guarantee the safety of road users. In another scene, the operatives of the command attached to Zaria Area Command while on routine surveillance patrol within Zaria city smartly intercepted a suspicious Golf sedan vehicle, black in colour with Reg. No XC 383 LFA. He said the occupants hurriedly took to their heels as the security was trying to search the car. Jalige said a fabricated AK-47 rifle was recovered, adding that both the vehicle and the rifle are in police custody, while investigations are ongoing in a bid to arrest the owner of the said exhibits for prosecution.