The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), has disclosed that its operatives intercepted three million capsules of opioids, considered to be more dangerous and potent than tramadol at Jaelith Bonded Container Terminal under Tincan seaport in Apapa area of Lagos State. NDLEA spokesman, Femi Babafemi, in a statement on Friday, in Abuja said the illicit drugs comprised of 3,000,000 capsules of Tapentadol and Carisoprodol weighing 1,500gs. He said the seizure followed a similar operation in which anti-narcotic officers of the agency also intercepted 8,613gs of Loud cannabis smuggled in from Ghana through the waterways at the Eko Atlantic Beach, Victoria Island, Lagos the previous day, Sunday 6th March. Babafemi noted that the seizure was made possible, during a joint examination of a 20ft container, SUDU 7774749 with men of the Customs Service. He said the information on the bill of laden and shipping documents was different from the content of the consignment, adding that the consignment was said to have originated from Ningbo province in China and falsely labelled as containing 271 packages of ‘insulating fittings, faucet water closet WC, industrial office printing machine. He said it was also revealed that the container originated from India and arrived in the Nigerian Apapa port on 10th February 2022. “Findings showed that the Tramadol found and labelled as Tafrodol 120mg is actually Tapentadol, which is a more dangerous and potent opioid than Tramadol.” He said He said a careful investigation revealed that the container, SUDU 7774749 was consigned from India in Nhava Sheva port, then trans-loaded through Morocco and Ghana to Nigeria. He said following credible reports, the operatives of the Lagos Command of the agency in the early hours of Sunday 6th March intercepted a consignment of Cannabis Sativa (Loud) weighing 8,613kgs smuggled from Ghana through the waterways to the Eko Atlantic Beachside, Victoria Island. According to him, the operatives arrested some drivers and their assistants; Adeyemi Bayioku, 31; Godwin Anya, 28; Yusuf Taofik, 20, and Adeniyi Adelaja, 19, who were on the ground to load the shipment into their vehicles just as two trucks, a Sienna space bus, Peugeot Boxer bus and a Toyota Camry car were also, seized from them.