The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress (APC) administration as a perfect example of arrogance in failure. PDP added that the APC situation was caused by the arrogant mismanagement of President Buhari. President Buhari in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant (Media and Publicity) Garba Shehu on Saturday asked APC members to “look at the once-powerful, the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) now enfeebled and adrift and learn lessons in disunity, mismanagement and corruption”. In his reaction, PDP National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba in a statement on Sunday said, “President Buhari presides over the most rudderless, corrupt, disunited, disorganized, arrogant political party and government in the history of our country; a fact that is already established by Nigerians across the board.” The major opposition party also described the Buhari administration as a certified failure that has “brought unprecedented economic hardship, chaos, escalated insecurity, a state of anomie and hopelessness in our country in the last six years.” It noted that “If Mr President were present as President and party leader, he should have known that the party that is enfeebled and adrift, plagued by disunity, mismanagement and corruption”. He said the arrogance of power and self-aggrandizement which President Buhari alluded to, is not PDP but the mismanaged and mutating crisis-ridden APC. According to the party, President Buhari’s arrogance of power led to his refusal to timely appoint an economic team or listen to wise counsel on the economy and security. “This is why he completely mismanaged our national affairs and turned our nation into the poverty capital of the world and the third country with the highest level of terrorism according to the World Terrorism Index,” it added. PDP noted that “such arrogance of power is manifesting in President Buhari and APC’s refusal to accept failure for the near-collapse of our economy from the $550 billion economy (largest in Africa and 26th globally) handed over to them in 2015 by the PDP; the fall of the naira from about N197 to a dollar to almost N600 today and the hike in petrol price from N87 per litre in 2015 to between N300 andN400 per litre today”. It also alleged that arrogance of power informed the Buhari-led APC administration to import contaminated fuel, induce agonizing fuel scarcity on citizens and yet had “the effrontery to tell Nigerians that heaven will not fall over the fuel situation”. The statement further read ” the arrogance and impunity of the APC administration also accounted for its refusal to prosecute APC leaders indicted for corruption; the barefaced denial that no one was killed in the EndSARS protest despite national and international evidence of the bloody massacre of our youths at the Lekki Tollgate as well as the failure to account for the billions of naira Covid-19 Funds stolen by APC leaders. “This is in addition to the recent arrogant, corrupt and criminal removal of electricity subsidy without reference to Nigerians among other thoughtless and inhumane actions of the APC government”. “Moreover, it is ludicrous that Mr President who confirmed that the APC as a party of irreconcilable political warlords, is bedevilled by the infighting we are seeing instead of the expected robust debate on the issues that matter, is looking elsewhere for a lesson in disunity, mismanagement and corruption”. “Mr President has so arrogantly mismanaged the APC that it is now plagued by two illegal national chairmen, multiple structures in States; enfeebled to the extent that it cannot conduct a valid National Convention or produce legitimate candidates for elections, with its activities no longer recognized by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC)”. PDP urged President Buhari to assist his party to wind up as Nigerians are now rallying on its platform to rescue and rebuild the nation from the arrogance and misrule of the APC government.