Former Super Eagles players, Pastor Taribo West, Kanu Nwankwo, Jay Jay Okocha have come under attack over their visit to the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu, on Saturday. Taribo in a trending video prayed fervently for Tinubu’s 2023 presidential ambition. DAILY POST had reported that the former Super Eagles met with Tinubu on Saturday at his home ahead of the novelty football match scheduled for Sunday at Onikan Stadium in Lagos State. Kanu Nwakwo, Jay-Jay Okocha, Taribo West, and Victor Ikpeba were among the ex-internationals who visited Tinubu’s home. Their visit toTinubu’s Lagos mansion on Saturday has since generated divergent reactions online. A cross section of Nigerians on social media criticised the ex-players, especially Taribo West, for praying for Tinubu’s ambition despite Nigeria’s current situation. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Victoryeme “Peter Rufai, Victor Ikpeba, Kanu Nwankwo and Jay Jay Okocha! This is unbelievable! Anyway, each one to his own.” @RealOlaUduah “ Those ex @NGSuperEagles footballers that visited and tacitly endorsed Tinubu for money, are MORALITY DREGS. Never allow money or lack of it to bind your conscience. Those men are supposed to be role models to our youth, but they failed woefully at it for the love of easy lucre! @TundeAdeparusi “When money suddenly finds its way into your pocket unexpectedly, the experience can be so intoxicating. Election time is their season to make money from desperate politicians. Let Mr West enjoy it while it lasts.” @Zikobility “ Taribo West, all of you ex-internationals supporting what will bring tears later, God’s watching you. I heard JJ and Papilo also went to his house yesterday and I know money must be involved for them to have endorsed him. God dey.” @SodiqTade “ Buhari’s selling point in 2014 was poverty and it worked on Nigerians. Tinubu’s selling point is to weaponize poverty. He proposed cassava and maize theory, and now he is trying to buy over celebrities and Nigeria soccer legends. I can’t really blame people like Taribo West, Kanu for this ridiculous session. It is simply their time to cash out.” @Jefe_says “I won’t send Taribo West, but I’m greatly disappointed in Kanu and Okocha. Especially Kanu. I don’t know how much Tinubu gave them, but I’m very sure they are richer than Falz and Macaroni, but these two would never sell their souls like this.” @Oyindamola “ Omoh, I don’t even know much about Taribo west lately aside from being a pastor or whatever, but what’s Kanu doing? Mumu Papilo! Even that shameless Okocha!! All those betting endorsements he signed no do am ? I’m utterly disappointed in them all !! It’s a shame.” @Hormohlolu “ I’m so happy Taribo West is one of those praying for Tinubu. We all know what happens when Taribo prays for you.” @NweleIfeanyi “ Shame on any Nigerian that wants Tinibu to rule Nigeria at the age of 90.”