Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), has debunked reports that his office has absolved suspended DCP Abba Kyari of any wrongdoing in the $1.1 million internet fraud deal. The AGF made the clarification on Sunday through his spokesman, Umar Gwandu. 2. The Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo has declared that he has not had issues with his boss, President Muhammadu Buhari since their government kicked off in 2015. Speaking yesterday, the VP said even though the President is a core Muslim and he is a pastor, they have been together without issues. 3. ASUU, on Sunday, berated the Federal Government over its recent proclamation that University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) has failed the integrity test. President of ASUU, Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke, explained during the National Executive Council meeting held at its National Secretariat in University of Abuja campus that the User Acceptance Test (UAT) and Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Test (VAPT) on the UTAS was still ongoing. 4. The Nigeria Customs Service, Federal Operations Unit, Zone ‘C’ (FOUC), says it intercepted eight different exotic cars from suspected smugglers between January 1 and February 28, 2022. The cars were three Toyota Hilux (2017, 2020 and 2021 models); one Land Cruiser Prado (2016 model); one Toyota Highlander (2014 model) and Toyota Venza (2016 model), among others. 5. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo says he did not seek political power, rather power ran after him. Obasanjo, who said this in Abeokuta, Ogun State, during a symposium, organised by the national leadership of the Kegites Club of Nigeria, through the Unity in Diversity Forum, explained that as a trained soldier, he was reluctant to join politics ab initio. 6. Brent Renaud, a United States journalist, was gunned down in Irpin, a frontline northwest suburb of Kyiv, capital of Ukraine, on Sunday. Renuad was killed in the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. 7. The General Overseer of Christ Living Hope Church, Rev. Ugochukwu Emmanuel Ekwem has been arrested for drug trafficking. NDLEA spokesman, Femi Babafemi, who confirmed this, said Ekwem was arrested at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Ikeja, Lagos State, while on his way to a three-week crusade in Nairobi, Kenya. 8. As the energy crisis facing the country deepened at the weekend, power generation companies in Nigeria (GenCos) have attributed low electricity generation to the National Grid to the N1.644 trillion owed them by the Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading Plc. 9. Former United States President, Barack Obama said on Sunday that he has tested positive for COVID-19 and was feeling fine other than a scratchy throat. He made this known via a post on his social media handles yesterday. 10. The Federal Ministry of Education has said it will not enter into agreements with the Academic Staff Union of Universities under duress. The ministry called on ASUU to call off its strike “so that we will not have gunpoint negotiations and make promises that we will not be able to fulfil.”