The Yobe State Bakers Association said it would increase the price of bread by at least 55 percent soon. Alhaji Manu Isa, Chairman of the association, who disclosed this in Damaturu, the state capital, on Thursday also said the proposed increase is due to increase in the general prices of baking commodities among other production costs. The association had in August 2020 increased the price of a loaf of bread by 26 percent due to what it described as the unbearable cost of baking ingredients. Isa noted that for members of the association to remain and sustain their businesses, increasing the prices of bread becomes inevitable as prices of most commodities had risen by more than 100% with no sign of decrease. “During the last increment, the price of flour was N12,000 to N13,000 per 50kg, but now the price has risen to N22,000 and even N23,000 in some places. “The price of yeast which is a vital ingredient in bread making has jumped from N11,000 to N21,000, while another ingredient called improver that we used to buy at less than N20,000 is now N33,000”, he lamented. He added that bakeries have stopped production, while those still in business have to increase their prices or end up like the others. “We have over 90 bakery houses in Damaturu alone, but due to the high cost of production plus insurgency, the houses have now dropped to 30, very unfortunate indeed”, Alhaji Isa frowned. He called on the government to assist members of the association with soft loans to be able to weather the storm. “This is a business that provides a lot of jobs for many unemployed youths, but the government seems not to understand this at all”, he said. Some Damaturu residents, who spoke on the issue, called on the government to intervene by supporting the bakers in whatever way necessary. Tahir Mallam, Gambo Usman and Mrs Habiba said things were becoming unbearable as any increment would only aggravate problems for the masses. While others who depend on bread as breakfast said they would have to resort to another alternative as bread will soon be out of their reach.