Former Liverpool star, Danny Murphy has told Manchester United that the only way former glories will return to Old Trafford is if they sell Cristiano Ronaldo this summer. Murphy believes it would be in the good of the team if Man United sell Ronaldo in the upcoming summer transfer window, adding that the Portugal captain is not the solution to their problems. Man United will look to rebuild at the end of the season after another frustrating campaign. The Red Devils struggled under former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and have continued to flatter to deceive since Ralf Rangnick’s arrival last November. They face an uphill battle to qualify for next season’s Champions League, sitting fifth in the Premier League with four points behind Arsenal. And Murphy believes Man United must make radical changes by letting Ronaldo leave. “Something radical needs to change at Manchester United even if it means important players like Cristiano Ronaldo being sold,” Murphy told the Daily Mail. “You have to be careful dealing with superstars on big contracts. It’s better to find other takers before you fall out with them. “But the bigger picture is that United have gone five years without a trophy and need to back a top manager who is there for the long haul, whether it be Thomas Tuchel, Mauricio Pochettino, or someone else. “You can’t question Ronaldo’s quality, but he’s 37 and, despite his goals, United don’t have balance as a team. “They rely on Ronaldo’s individual brilliance, which can work in some games, like Tottenham last Saturday, but doesn’t against the best teams in the Premier League and Champions League. “For former glories to return to Old Trafford, United’s players need to press and compete for 60 matches a season in addition to the ability they possess. I can’t see Ronaldo being part of that.” Murphy added: “Selling Ronaldo will be difficult for United fans. He’s a hero and rightly so, but that doesn’t alter the fact it needs to happen for the future good of the team.” “Ronaldo is an all-time great, but he isn’t the solution to United’s problems. They need a world-class manager and let him build, even if it means letting go of a legend.”