A coalition of community-based organizations and non-governmental organizations in Bauchi have taken to the streets of the state to protest the rejection of several bills seeking gender equality in the country by the National Assembly. The coalition which comprised mainly women trooped out en mass, demanding that the National Assembly revisits the gender bills, insisting that women must not be denied the opportunity of inclusion and representation in governance. DAILY POST recalls that the National Assembly at plenary on Tuesday, the 1st of March 2022, rejected a constitutional bill seeking to create special seats for women in the federal legislative arm of government. The bill entitled “Bill For an Act to alter the provisions of the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 to provide special seats for women in the National and State Houses of Assembly and for related matters” failed after both chambers of the national assembly voted on it. Mrs Comfort Attah, Executive Director, Attah Sisters Helping Hand Foundation (ASHHF), in an interview with DAILY POST on behalf of the Coalition, urged lawmakers to revisit the gender bills, pointing out that women genuinely need representation in governance. “Of the 68 legislations, about five bills sought to promote more opportunities for women in political parties, governance and the society at large. One of the bills sought to grant citizenship to foreign-born husbands of a Nigerian woman. Already, a Nigerian man’s foreign-born wife is automatically a Nigerian citizen. Another bill sought to allocate 35 per cent of political positions based on appointment to women. Another legislation sought to create special seats for women in National and State Assemblies. “Another bill sought to allocate 35 percent of political positions based on appointment to women while another legislation sought to create special seats for women in National and State Assemblies,” Attah said. She urged all like-minded civil society organizations, women-led organizations and women’s rights organizations to sustain advocacy and intensify demands for gender equality by occupying the National Assembly until the rejected bills are considered. On her part, Hajiya Aisha Kilishi, the Amira of the Federation of Muslim Women Association of Nigeria (FOMWAN) Bauchi, lamented that lawmakers have relegated women and do not take women’s issues seriously. She urged lawmakers to revisit the gender bills so that women can have a sense of belonging seeing they are also contributors to development in the country. The Executive Director of Fahimta Women and Youth Development Initiative, Hajiya Maryam Garba described the situation as unfortunate for women, saying that the lawmakers discriminated against and made a mockery of women’s rights in the country. She urged lawmakers, government at all levels and policymakers to consider the plight of women as well as reconsider the amendment of the bill. Representative of the CBOs Hajiya Binta Adamu said the advocacy measures taken would enable the National Assembly to retract from the patriarchal dispositions towards giving women equal opportunities.