The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has reacted to the spate of killings, kidnapping and other issues of insecurity facing the people of Ogun State, accusing Governor Dapo Abiodun of not doing enough. The Ogun PDP Publicity Secretary, Akinloye Bankole, in an interview with DAILY POST, condemned the level of insecurity in the state, advising the governor to engage locals in the security arrangements of the state. He said the body language of Abiodun and his alleged lack of focus was also fuelling the tendency for general insecurity in Ogun. “We condemn the spate of killings, kidnapping and other cases of insecurity in Ogun State. What we have in Ogun State today by perpetrators of evil is roundly condemned by the PDP. Having said that, we must also say that the governor’s body language, the penchant for maladministration and lack of focus by the ruling APC government under the watch of Gov Dapo Abiodun also fuels the tendency for general insecurity in Ogun State. “The government is clearly not doing enough as regards security of lives and properties in Ogun State. And that is why we have always insisted that the fundamental role of a government is protection of lives and properties. Ever since this government came on board, it had never pretended to be capable of solving these problems. That is why we say this government has not only failed, it has failed groundly in its core responsibilities; and it is very sad that despite the amount of financial resources that have been committed issues of insecurity in Ogun, we are still at this stage where people cannot sleep with their two eyes closed,” Bankole stated. He expressed worries that nowhere in Ogun is safe, adding that Abiodun’s engagements with security agents are not yielding any result. “If you look at it, anywhere you go in Ogun State, there is an issue of kidnapping. It happens almost on daily basis here in Ogun. It has unfortunately become a norm. If you are driving from Lafenwa to Sango, you’re not secure; on Lagos-Ibadan express road, nobody is secure; even from Odeda to Ibadan, you are not safe. The worst of them all is Rounder-Ayetoro road in Yewa. Government will tell you it is buying patrol vehicles, engaging security agencies, but these are not yielding any positive result,” he said. In its advice, the PDP told Abiodun to engage the Community Development Associations (CDAs), saying: “Security is community-based. And that is why we have recommended to the government that it must engage members of the CDA more. Make use of your councillors, the traditional rulers because they are the ones domiciled in the grassroots. They know every corner around their neighbourhood. They know who is coming in or going out.” While charging Ogun residents to get set for the 2023 election, Bankole posited that: “Unfortunately, life in Ogun State under Dapo Abiodun has become so short, nasty and brutish, just like in the old Hobbesian state of the nation. Nobody is secure and it has become so worrisome. That is why we urge people to end this maladministration, this agony that Dapo Abiodun clearly represents. “Dapo Abiodun has manifestedly failed to secure Ogun State.” Efforts to get the reaction of Gov Abiodun and his government proved abortive as of Monday morning. The Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Waheed Odusile; Gov Abiodun’s Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin; and a Special Adviser on Communication, Remmy Hazzan, did not answer calls to their phones. Also, a text message sent to them was not replied to hours before filing this report.