Senator Gilbert Nnaji has declared his intention to contest the governorship position in Enugu State come 2023. DAILY POST reports that the Senator, who represented Enugu East Senatorial zone in the Senate, said his aspiration was favoured by zoning. He declared that, “the Almighty God has said ‘yes’ that I will be the next Governor of Enugu State.” Nnaji, while speaking on the ongoing zoning controversy in Enugu State, said it would be a grave injustice not to allow someone from Nike occupy the guber position in 2023. He said, “it is the turn of Enugu East Senatorial zone to produce the next Governor, and when you come to Enugu East, we have three Federal Constituencies. Out of the three, only Enugu East/Isi-Uzo Federal Constituency has not occupied that seat. “When you also come to Enugu East/Isi-Uzo Federal Constituency, Nike is the first in terms of seniority. So, it’s our turn and God is with us on this project.” When asked whether there was actually any form of zoning arrangement in the State, he answered in the affirmative. The Senator said, “I know there is zoning in Enugu State, because I was there at the State caucus meeting in 2013, we as NASS members were all there. “The issue of zoning was raised and Hon. Dubem Onyia, former minister, moved a motion for the rotation of the governorship seat and it was seconded by Chief Ben Collins Ndu. “Egumgbe made some amendments that after it has gone to Nsukka, Enugu North Senatorial zone, it will now come to Enugu East, so that it will be going round, every zone will know when it is their turn, in that way we stop all these political acrimonies.” Nnaji, however, said he would reach out to all the stakeholders of the party, including Governor Ugwuanyi, who he said “has over 90 percent right of choosing his successor.” He assured the people of the State that he would build on the progress made so far by Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s administration. “I see the possibilities and opportunities all around us. The government and people of Enugu State are jointly-committed to sustainable peace and development in the state. “With what His Excellency, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has put on the ground and the sustained efforts to improve on them, Enugu State is already on the path of unity and ordered development. “Hence I count on your sense of objectivity and fair judgement in assessing and evaluating this passionate appeal that is driven by my previous performance records. “Enugu State deserves a leader that is not only accessible, driven by a high sense of empathy and humility but can be held accountable at all times,” he stated.