A university don, Prof. Damian Opata has commended political stakeholders in Enugu State for insisting on the zoning of governorship position in the State. Opata, an emeritus Professor, who retired from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, UNN, in 2021, made the commendations while speaking with journalists on Wednesday on the issue of governorship zoning in the State. He said the principle of zoning represented the Igbo view of democracy at its best, as it had promoted peace, unity and ensured equity among the three senatorial districts in the State. “The zoning arrangement in Enugu State since 1999 ensured that the three senatorial districts produced governor of the State, turn by turn; it has helped to promote peace, unity and equity. “From 1999 to 2007, it was former Gov Chimaroke Nnamani from Enugu East district, 2007 to 2015, former Gov Sullivan Chime from Enugu West district. “From 2015 till 2023, the incumbent Gov Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi from Enugu North district,”he said. The don said Gov. Ugwuanyi should be supported by all Enugu State residents. “Since, it has gone round, it should start again from Enugu East district where it started in 1999,” he said. Opata is also the National Chairman of Nsukka Ezue, a group that has its membership drawn from who is who in Enugu North Senatorial district. The Professor emeritus described as “unfortunate, worrisome, unwelcome, selfish and over-ambition devoid of statesmanship”, an attempt by some politicians in the State to frustrate the zoning arrangement after benefiting from it. “I advise anybody outside Enugu East Senatorial District that has governorship ambition to wait for the turn of their district in the interest of peace. “It will not be proper for such a politician to allow his personal ambition to override or clash with the general interest of Enugu people,” he said. Opata urged whosoever that would be the next governor of Enugu State from Enugu East Senatorial District to emulate the good example of Ugwuanyi in ensuring that the zoning arrangement continued at the end of his tenure. “The governor that will be inaugurated come May 29, 2023, should not only follow the footstep of Ugwuanyi to ensure that zoning continues in the State, but should also carry all the three districts along in empowerment, appointments and infrastructure development like Ugwuanyi did. “Enugu residents are happy and comfortable with Ugwuanyi because his administration carries all the senatorial districts along, without any form of discrimination,” he said.