The Governor of Nasarawa State and the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Media Committee of the national convention, Abudulahi Sule has said governors of the party will honour the request of President Muhammadu on his decision to anoint Senator Abdulahi Adamu as the next chairman of the party. Sule disclosed this Thursday while addressing a press conference in Abuja. President Buhari and the 22 governors of the party had on Wednesday agreed to adopt consensus candidates for all the offices of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party ahead of Saturday’s national convention. The party settled for former Nasarawa State Governor, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, as consensus candidate for the post of National Chairman and Senator Iyiola Omisore as the National Secretary. Sule noted that the party was been driven towards a consensus arrangement in order to have a very peaceful convention. He stressed that the consensus arrangement that would be adopted would be in conformity with the dictates of the 2022 Electoral Act as amended. Sule added that the ruling party would not do anything in violation of the Electoral Act. His words: “As I mentioned earlier, we have been driven towards a consensus arrangement so that we can have a very peaceful convention. After which most of the political activities will begin which will lead into the success of the party at most of the elections that we are going to have next year by the grace of God. “We will not do anything whatsoever as a political party that is going to be in violation of the law because as the ruling party. We will not carry out something that is going to be detrimental to our law in this country so that we do not give bad example. You can be rest assured that whatever we are going to do is going to be in line with the Electoral Act. “What our party has that others don’t have is the fact that we have a political leader and father that everyone who is truly a member of this party respects and that is President Buhari. We strongly believe that he will not do something just for selfish reasons, for greed or for anything that will be against the interest of the party. He is interested in ensuring the unity of the party. So he’s not doing anything for his personal benefit. “That is the kind of leader we have, that is why each time he speaks, everyone listens because they know he is not doing it for any personal benefit. That is his request and I am telling you his request will be honoured because we know he is doing it sincerely for the benefit of the party.” On the refund of payments to other aspirants, Sule was of the opinion that the President only made an appeal which he believed the leadership of the party agreed with. Sule noted that the total number of delegates expected at the convention would be determined by the party.