Akwa Ibom State Commissioner for Education, Mrs Idongesit Etiebet has ordered the closure of Community Comprehensive Secondary School, Aka Offot, in Uyo Local Government Area. This came as a suspected cultist, one Samuel Archibong stabbed a Secondary School 2 student, James Elijah to death on Thursday. A source from the school said that Archibong, an ex-student of the institution, who left the school over cult related issues, resurfaced again on that fateful day. He added that there was a minor disagreement soon after his arrival between him and Elijah, and in the ensuing scuffle, Archibong reportedly brought out a knife and stabbed his victim to death and disappeared. According to him, “He ran away after stabbing James to death. The angry students would have killed him if they had met him at home. They must have gone to his father’s house to revenge Elijah’s death.” However, the state commissioner, Mrs Etiebet, while condemning the incident, ordered that the institution be shut to enable the State Secondary Education Board and the Ministry of Education wade into the matter and restore calm. “We advise parents to ensure their wards remain indoors until the ministry and the school wade into the matter to restore normalcy,” Etiebet said. Meanwhile, the Police Public Relations Officer, Odiko Macdon, who confirmed the incident, described it as barbaric and regrettable. In a statement made available to newsmen Friday evening in Uyo entitled: “Another Colossal Loss”, Macdon regretted that secondary schools which are supposed to be arenas of excellent knowledge acquisition, have become theatre of bloodbath and fighting. “It is again regrettable, that yesterday 10/03/2022, a Student of Aka Community Secondary, one Samuel Effiong Achibong stabbed his mate, 18-year-old James Elijah Adoke to death. This is not the first time we have witnessed an act of this nature and it is totally unacceptable. “As a Command, we have to send patrol teams to some secondary schools after closing hours to ensure that students can go home safely, else a fight may ensue, it’s not only painful but condemnable. “The Commissioner of Police, Andrew Amiengheme is miffed and has condemned the barbaric act. He has called on parents to enshrine germane family values, while school authorities are to quickly and discreetly report suspected students with traits of cultism and misdemeanor. “The CP notes that the command will henceforth deploy its Special Surveillance Units to check excesses of students and nip them in the bud before untoward incidents happen,” he said.