Catholic Bishops in Anambra State, under the Archdiocese of Onitsha, have declared 40 days of prayer and fasting over the level of insecurity in the state. A press release signed by Most Rev. Valerian M. Okeke, the Archbishop of Onitsha and Metropolitan Ecclesiastical Province, for and on behalf of the Catholic Bishops of Onitsha Province, said there was a need for intervention, over what was happening in the state. Part of the release read: “For quite some time now, the South-eastern jurisdiction which God entrusted to our pastoral care has become a theatre of ungodly and wanton destruction of life and properties. “The forces of darkness and death seem to have cast its shadows over the south-eastern part of our country. This has not been part of our history or who we are as a people. In the midst of these tragedies, many people are tempted to lose faith in God and hope in man. “It is against this prevalent despondency, that we, the Archbishop and Bishops of Onitsha Ecclesiastical Province send you this message of hope and call for prayers especially this holy season of Lent. We are indeed convinced that those who put their trust in the Lord can never be disappointed.” The release stated that the prayers will start on Wednesday, being the commencement of the Lenten period, and will last throughout the 40 days period that ushers in the Easter celebration. The Bishops explained that the prayers are for security and peace in the South-East of Nigeria, for God to cause a change of heart in the murderers and make them once again realize the sacredness of human life, and that justice and equity will reign in Nigeria. “We ask God to give the Federal Government of Nigeria and some of our own political leaders the courage and the honesty to discuss the challenges facing the South-eastern region which are part of the causes of youth restiveness and violence in our zone.” The release further explained that “The prayers for peace and security are now declared in all the dioceses of our Province to begin on Ash Wednesday, 2nd March 2022. The prayers will last for 40 days (from Ash Wednesday, 2nd March to Palm Sunday, 10th April 2022) “There will be fasting for everybody on Ash Wednesday and all Fridays in the season of Lent. We suggest that people should not eat before noon on such days. “We appeal to all as individuals, Families, Associations, Parishes to say their Rosaries daily and faithfully within this period of lent in order that this cloud of blood-letting hanging over our region will collapse like the walls of Jericho.”