President Muhammadu Buhari reportedly wants his ally and staunch supporter, Abdullahi Adamu, as All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman. Impeccable sources in Abuja told DAILY POST Friday night that Adamu “enjoys the confidence” of the Nigerian leader. The aspirant was Nasarawa Governor from 1999 to 2007 and is currently the Senator representing Nasarawa West District. Over the years, Adamu has defended Buhari’s interest, policies and programmes in the National Assembly. In the Red Chamber, the lawmaker is known as the President’s “endorser” due to his unalloyed loyalty to the retired General and Head of State. An official close to the presidency said contrary to opinions and speculations, Buhari actually pays attention to happenings in the ruling party. “Abdullahi Adamu will become APC Chairman. The President likes him and has conveyed his position to party leaders and other chieftains. “I do not expect anyone else to emerge except things change at the last minute. Adamu is Buhari’s candidate”, he added. DAILY POST observed that the nation’s capital Abuja has witnessed influx of people set to attend the APC convention. The event will be held at the Eagle Square on Saturday. The area is being guarded by operatives from the Police, Army and Department of State Services (DSS). Earlier on Friday, Buhari warned APC leaders not to do anything “that will jeopardize the chances of the party in the 2023 General Elections”. The President reminded chieftains of the limited timeframe of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) timetable. The guidelines released by the electoral umpire “does not permit us any room for delay or further squabbling”, he stressed. Other APC chairmanship aspirants are Tanko Al-Makura (ex-Nasarawa Governor); George Akume (ex-Benue Governor); Abdul’aziz Yari (ex-Zamfara Governor). The remaining contenders are Saliu Mustapha, Sani Musa, and Muhammed Eksu. The winner is expected to emerge late Saturday night or early Sunday morning.