Farah Dagogo, who represents Degema/Bonny Federal Constituency of Rivers State in the National Assembly, has said that he has no regret voting for the Local Government Councils, Judiciary and State Houses of Assembly autonomy. The lawmaker said the autonomy was a way of allowing governance to get to the grassroots, stating that any lawmaker with a good conscience should have no reason to vote against the autonomy bill. He said citizens have been yearning for good governance and the financial autonomy was an opportunity to deepen governance at the State and Local Government Council, hence, governance at the grassroots would come alive now. The lawmaker said: “The yearnings by Nigerians for ‘participatory and reflective government’, financial autonomy for Judiciary, State legislatures and the third tier of government will usher in a new era for all arms and organs of government to be truly ‘responsive and responsible to the people.” The lawmaker further expressed disappointment that bills that would support women’s participation in politics were shut down, advising that womenfolk should adopt the radical feminism theory to get themselves involved in politics. He revealed that he voted in favour of bills that deals with women, which, unfortunately, didn’t see the light of the day on the floor of the House of Representatives. Hon. Farah noted: “At the end of the marathon meeting, majority of us were of the conviction that voting in support of approval for financial autonomy for the Local Governments is akin to taking governance to the grassroots. “And that is the position I voted for. We can’t be in government forever, but we can bequeath far-reaching legacies that will stand the test of time by doing that which is right. “It is our firm belief that these financial autonomies for the judiciary and state legislatures as well as those of the third tier of government will usher in and engender a new era that will ensure that all arms and organs of government are truly responsive and responsible to the people. I listened to my people and voted on that line as well.” On the female genders bill, he said: “I have satisfied my conscience and that of major stakeholders in Rivers State, including my constituents. I believe women should be saddled with more leadership roles. “I voted in support of the gender rights for women, however, it didn’t fly. Equally, I don’t subscribe to this drive of setting aside a particular percentage for our women. I consider it degrading, the women folks have the numbers, they can do better than allowing anyone to reduce their values and competence.”