Former Kano Governor Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has dumped the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) ahead of the 2023 Nigeria elections. Kwankwaso will on Wednesday join the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). One of his associates made the confirmation to DAILY POST on Tuesday. “I can inform you that he is heading to the NNPP. His letter of resignation from the PDP was delivered to his ward in Kano today.” Asked when the public should expect Kwankwaso’s announcement, the source replied: “No statement yet.” “But His Excellency will appear at NNPP national convention tomorrow in Abuja”, he added. The All Progressives Congress (APC) national convention was held at the Eagle Square only three days ago. Kwankwaso, a grassroots mobilizer, has a strong fan base in the North as well as a number of Southern states. The former Minister of Defence and Kano Central Senator (2015 – 2019) is the leader of the Kwankwasiyya movement. The “Red Cap” political organization has around 2 million members across Nigeria. Kwankwaso exited the PDP less than 48 hours after his in-law and protégé Abba Kabir Yusuf crossed to the NNPP. Yusuf was a PDP Kano governorship candidate in the 2019 election where he strongly battled Governor Abdullahi Ganduje who won a second term. The poll was so keenly-contested that it was initially declared inconclusive by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Yusuf, popularly known as Abba Gida Gida, made entry into the NNPP alongside his Deputy, Aminu Abdussalam and thousands of supporters. He joined in Diso Ward of Gwale Local Government Area of Kano, while Abdussalam joined in Gwarzo Local Government Area. PDP chieftains including Ambassador Aminu Wali and former Jigawa Governor Sule Lamido had accused Kwankwaso of trying to bring down the party. On Monday, ex-Vice President Atiku Abubakar, ex-Senate President Bukola Saraki, Sokoto Governor Aminu Tambuwal and Bauchi Governor Bala Mohammed met in Abuja. The presidential aspirants are in talks to agree on a consensus PDP candidate. Like them, Kwankwaso too wants the nation’s top job.