Former national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, has raised the need for an improvement in Nigeria’s education system. Oshiomhole urged Nigerians not to be carried away by politics but to seek ways to ensure that initiatives to keep children in schools are developed. The former Labour leader was speaking at an event organised to champion an incentive-based program for out-of-school children in Nigeria. He warned that Nigeria must not be carried away by politics, but be reminded of the that stipulates prosecution for parents of out of school children. “That is the law of universal compulsory education, but as we speak, we have children who are being taught under the tree, that is if they are being taught at all. And we have teachers who can’t even spell their names and they can only spread illiteracy.” Warning that education is the key to Nigeria’s development, Oshiomhole stressed that Nigeria appears to be failing in its national plan for growth with the lack of basic education. Speaking at the unveiling of the Transforming D’ Intellectual Firmament of Africa-Community Development Initiative (TiFA-CDI), Oshiomhole said there is a need to train, educate and skill up her people for possible development. “It is about harassing, engaging, terrorising and if I may quote Obasanjo even behaving like a rebel to force governors and governments to get priorities right with regards to education. “It is not right for us to boast of an ultra-modern government house and have the most dilapidated schools and even employ teachers not to pay them.” “You have angry and hungry people in the classroom, they can’t be nice to our children and when they show no kindness to those children those children grow up without care without feeling, believing that the society is uncaring.” In his address, the Executive Director of TiFA-CDI, Taiwo Akerele said the organisation decided to dedicate its core mission to education because the number of out-of-school in Nigeria was growing every day. Akerele who described the situation as a national embarrassment said its 2020 report showed that for every child of school age kidnapped or abducted anywhere in Nigeria, at least 1,000 kids will be scared away from class for at least a minimum of 30 school days. A fact which he said is detrimental to the growth of Nigeria’s national economy if the security situation in the country is not immediately addressed. He also called for a state of emergency in basic education across Nigeria starting with the vulnerable geopolitical zones of northwest and northeast Nigeria. “We call on the government to embark on a comprehensive and radical educational curriculum review across Nigeria and prioritize skills rather than old fashioned theories and colonial educational systems that do not help human economic growth, skills acquisition and small-scale industry expansion.” The event organised by Policy House International in conjunction with the TiFA-CDI recommended accelerated solutions to secure schools across the country and the prosecution of those whose actions lead to the death of children in Kaduna, Zamfara and Borno States.