The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), on Sunday, arrested one Mr. Okeke Adolphus Anayochukwu, 54, a father of five with a black liquid cocaine at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, NAIA Abuja Mr. Okeke Adolphus Anayochukwu, who claimed to be a businessman, was arrested by the operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). In a statement on Sunday by the Agency’s spokesman, Femi Babafemi, said Okeke was arrested with 20.75 kilograms of the black liquid cocaine on March 15, 2022, upon his arrival at the Abuja airport onboard Qatar Airways flight from Sao Paulo, Brazil through Doha, Qatar to Abuja. He said the liquid was discovered upon search of his two luggages stuffed with six smaller bags containing 32-makeup mascara, which tested positive to cocaine. He said the 54 years father of four children, hailed from Oraifiti in Akwusigo local government area of Anambra State. According to the statement, the suspect said someone gave him the consignment at a drinking joint in Brazil to deliver in Nigeria for a fee of Two Million N2 million Naira It said in another operation, three persons: Tony Samson, Paul Adamu, and Reuben Waziri were arrested in Kaduna on March 18, 2022 with 18,380 tablets of Tramadol, and 12,500 tablets of Diazepam and Exol-5 tablets. Also arrested was a bus with reg. No AGU 460 ZW, at Obosi bridge heading to Aba, Abia state from Onitsha on March 17, 2022. He said after a careful search, seven and half jumbo sacks of cannabis weighing 362kg were recovered while the driver, Ifeanyi Anyamele admitted to be the owner of the drug exhibits. According to him, in Ogun State, narcotic officers in Ogun state recovered 865.2kg of cannabis sativa around Otapele- Obada road in Imeko-Afon LGA on March 16, 2022. He said the consignment was brought in from Benin Republic on motorbikes for onward transportation to Lagos and Abeokuta. “Same day, operatives in the state arrested Bello Ibrahim, 38, with 312.4kg of cannabis sativa at Ogere tollgate, Ikenne LGA,” the statement said.