The Niger State Police Command has paraded two suspects, one 25-year-old Bello Ibrahim arrested at Mashegu forest, and 20-year-old Umar Dauda of Fulani camp, Kapako village via Lapai Local Government Area, in connection to kidnapping and banditry in the state. The state Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, DSP Wasiu Abiodun, while parading the suspects in Minna, said the two were nabbed based on credible information. He explained that Ibrahim, who hails from Bafarawa via Isa LGA of Sokoto State, was among the bandits that kidnapped two victims at Ukachi and Magama villages of Mashegu LG for ransom last Saturday. According to him, “upon the receipt of this information, Police tactical teams attached to Mashegu Division in collaboration with the local vigilante members were mobilized and trailed the hoodlums into the forest, based on credible intelligence on their movement”. He explained that the team discovered the temporary hideout of the hoodlums within the forest where they were engaged in a gun battle that led to the arrest of Bello Ibrahim, while other members of the gang that include Jamilu Mai-glass, Maigari Dan-Alhaji and one other, all of Bafarawa, escaped into the forest. Items recovered in his possession include one Lar rifle with 10 rounds of live ammunition and five handsets. The two abducted victims, a male and a female, were rescued unhurt. Similarly, Abiodun also stated that the team of police and vigilante corps in Lapai LG arrested one Umar Dauda of Fulani camp, Kapako village via Lapai, in possession of six loaves of bread, four bottles of Fearless drinks, five Maltina drinks, four wraps of dried leaves suspected to be Indian hemp, some quantity of raw rice and beans and sum of N90,000. He revealed that the suspect was nabbed after hours of monitoring and observations and during interrogation confessed to be a food supplier to bandits. “In the process of further investigation, the suspect’s home was searched and a locally fabricated revolver gun was recovered in his camp. He claimed the ownership of the gun and said that he bought it at the rate of N65,000 from a gun fabricator within the same village for his personal protection”. Efforts are ongoing to apprehend the fleeing criminals as cases are under investigation.