Troops in the last two weeks of operations in the northeast region have neutralized 12 terrorists as 174 others who surrendered themselves to troops have been profiled. A statement from Bernard Onyeuko, the Director, Defence Media Operations said the success was a result of sustained clearance operations in the region. Onyeuko said, “Terrorists have continued to surrendered to own troops at different locations in the theatre, a total of 174 Boko Haram Terrorists/Islamic State West Africa Province terrorists and their families comprising of 43 adult males, 58 females and 73 children from Villages around Bama and Dikwa Local Government Area of Borno State surrendered to own troops.” The statement explained that ”aggressive clearance operations in the last two weeks have put the terrorists and their families under pressure resulting in their decisions to surrender. “Troops operational efforts yielded significant results in some locations in the North East such as Mandara Mountain, Kwatara hill, Fadagwe village in Gwoza Local Government Area, Timbuktu Triangle, Buk Village in Damboa Local Government Area in Borno,” General Bernard said. The statement said during the robust clearance operation troops engaged Islamic State West Africa Province terrorists at Mandara Mountain in Gwoza Local Government Area and Timbuktu triangle in Damboa Local Government Area Borno State. “During the encounter, 10 terrorists were neutralized. Troops also recovered 4 AA-guns, 2,000 rounds of 12.7mm ammunition, 10 bicycles, 1 unexploded Improvised Explosive Device, 1 MOWAG APC, 1 truck mounted with 122 artillery gun, 1 machine gun, 4 AK 47 rifles, 160mm motar tube with 5 bombs.” The statement added. It was also gathered that troops had an encounter with the Islamic State West Africa Province terrorists along the Debiro-Shaffa Village in Hawul Local Government Area where 2 terrorists were neutralized and a recovery of 1 AK 47 rifle, 3 magazines, 143 rounds of 7.62mm special, 1 Dane gun, 1 pump action rifle and 6 cartridges were made.