Gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen have reportedly kidnapped a journalist, Comrade Osahon and others along the East-West road, by Ewreni community, in Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State. The gunmen also shot dead a driver working with Sunny Eru Motors, just as they kidnapped his eighteen passengers. The incident occurred late Monday, March 29, when the journalists were returning from the Press Centre in Bayelsa State, DAILY POST learnt. At the time of this report, the gunmen have called the wife of the journalist, demanding five million naira ransom. A Warri-based lawyer, Mr. Lucky Egboyi Esq, who narrowly escaped from the scene, disclosed this to our correspondent in Warri. The legal practitioner, who was returning from Bayelsa State where he went for a matter, said they ran into the Fulani herdsmen operating in the road. He disclosed that the Fulani herdsmen shot the Sunny Eru driver in the head and kidnapped several passengers. According to him, “it was a narrow escape for me and a few others because we had to run into the bush. The policemen who came ran away with their van.” The Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Bright Edafe in a telephone chat with our correspondent said, “I’m not aware. You’re the one telling me now.” The Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ Warri Correspondents’ Chapel, Comrade Okies Veeky in a chat, said, “This news is saddening and appalling. That shows that there’s no good security network in that area, nay the whole of Delta State. “The DSS, the Army and the Police should all live up to expectations. They should try and help us. We are living in an unsecured society. The journalist is a former Chairman of the NUJ Bayelsa State. His abduction is a condemnable act. This is very bad and the security agencies should wake up and do something.” Comrade Veeky appealed to the kidnappers to release the journalist unhurt. “I am using this opportunity to appeal to the kidnappers that he is a poor journalist. He has no money to pay. That man cannot afford five million naira. We are mere servants of the people. So, they should temper justice with mercy and live him unhurt,” he pleaded.