Nine suspects, including three members of a robbery gang terrorising Katsina State and its environs, have been paraded by the Katsina State Police Command. The spokesman of the command, Supritendent Gambo Isah identified the three paraded members of the robbery gang as Shamsu Umar, 29; Mustafa Nuhu, 27 and Abdulsalam Sale,29, all residents of Katsina. He explained that the trio was arrested on March, 20 while carrying out an operation at Ambassador Quarters area of the state. He said, on the 28th of February, 2022, the trio carried out an operation at Modoji Quarters, Katsina where they, among others, stole one Peugeot 206 car with Registration Number: ABJ 683 AE; three handsets; one LG plasma television set; N105,000.00 cash and other valuables worth over one million naira. The men were also alleged to have attacked and inflicted injuries on one Mustafa Dalhat, the owner of the residence they attacked and the items stolen. SP Isah further explained that the police and vigilante arrested them saying that they had confessed to committing the crime. The police also paraded Salisu Halilu, a 35-year-old man said to be an informant to terrorists of Yar Wafa village, Kurfi Local Government Area was also paraded. Halilu, according to the police was an informant to terrorists operating in Kurfi, Safana, and Dutsin-ma Local Government Areas of the state. The alleged informant was also said to have conspired with some terrorists who are at large to rustle over one hundred cows at Dagarawa, Yar Barza, and Kudawa villages respectively. The spokesman said the police operatives on March 20, repelled a terrorist attack in Kurfi Local Government Area where they rescued a kidnap victim and recovered rustled domestic animals. He explained, “On March 20, 2022, at about 1 am, terrorists in their numbers, on motorbikes, shooting sporadically with AK 47 rifles, attacked the residence of one Sada Kotoko, 70 of Unguwar Fulani, Barkiya village, Kurfi Local Government Area, kidnapped him and rustled forty of his cows. Upon receipt of the report, operatives from the command responded swiftly and engaged the bandits in a fierce gun duel, rescued the kidnap victim, and recovered all the rustled animals. Some of the bandits escaped into the forest with bullets wounds.” The Police spokesman said all the suspects would be arraigned in court after the completion of investigations into their cases.