A 20-year-old youth has confessed to killing her 3-day-old baby with rat poison. The youth, Amina Umar, a divorcee, had the said baby for a 22-year-old man who she claimed could not support her with the baby. The Adamawa State Police Command is currently holding the youth for resorting to the rat-killing substance to end the life of her own baby. Amina Umar, it was gathered Wednesday, was divorced by her husband but got involved with the new man identified as Buba Musa, with whom she had the baby. She was said to have delivered the baby on the 14th of March, 2022 and administered the deadly rat poison on the baby on the 17th March. The divorcee who hailed from Madagali Local Government Area, told newsmen at the Adamawa Police Command headquarters where she is being held with the said father of the dead child, that she killed the child because of lack of means to cater for the child and herself. Amina Umar, who has expressed regret for her action, was said to have planned her child’s death by sending for the purchase of the rat poison which she fed to the baby. After administering the chemical, Amina told her neighbours that her baby had become sick, but her neighbours became suspicious of her, witnesses said, because they heard her conversation with the boy that she sent to buy the poison. It was the police, the divisional office in Madagali, that took the corpse of the baby after arresting the mother where she admitted killing the baby. The Madagali Police Division subsequently transferred the case to the police headquarters in Yola. The father of the deceased, Buba Musa, admitted that he was the one who impregnated Amina after she was divorced by her husband, but he denied knowledge of Amina’s plan to kill the baby. Buba Musa, a married mechanic who said he promised to marry Amina as his second wife, said he did not even know when Amina was delivered of her pregnancy because he fell sick and had surgery. He said he only heard about things after the baby had died. Commenting on the matter, spokesman of the Adamawa State Police Command, DSP Suleiman Nguroje, said the suspects will be charged to court after due investigation had been completed.