Ahead of the primary elections of the Peoples Democratic Party, Akwa Ibom State, a PDP Chieftain and senator representing Akwa Ibom North East (Uyo), Albert Bassey Akpan, has called on the state party chairman, Rt. Hon Aniekan Akpan, to ensure that all aspirants are given a level-playing ground at the elections. It could be recalled that ever since the leader of the party, Governor Udom Emmanuel named Pastor Umo Eno as his preferred successor, many people believe that the PDP primary elections would be schemed towards the direction of the governor’s favourite. Some aspirants, it was gathered, who had earlier made their gubernatorial intentions known, had bottled their ambitions following the governor’s pronouncement as they reportedly felt that the governor’s candidate would carry the day. But Senator Akpan, who is one of the serious contenders in the race, urged the party chairman and other executive members during a consultative visit at the party secretariat, Attan Offot Uyo, to give all the aspirants a level playing field to test their popularity assuring that he will have a landslide victory. He also commended the party chairman, Hon Aniekan Akpan, for stabilizing the party by his recent comments and actions, adding “there was a time we had a growing concern in the state over the objectivity of the party but that, to the glory of God, the leadership eventually arrested the situation.” According to him, “I urge the party to remain neutral in coordinating the primaries. I want to assure you that I will win by landslide to the glory of God and the state PDP if the party is neutral.” He debunked claims that he had a problem with Governor Emmanuel, insisting that his love for the governor remains intact. He recalled that the love he always had for Gov Emmanuel made him step down in 2014, to pave way for his peaceful emergence as the governor. The same love, he said, was also repeated in 2019, when he remained the only senator standing by the governor for a second term, after the others decamped to APC, announcing that even though the governor had named someone else as his preferred successor, it never changed anything. Responding, the state party Chairman, Rt. Hon Aniekan Akpan, said the PDP in Akwa Ibom is one united family, and promised a level-playing field for all aspirants. He said, “A level-playing field involves a proper organisation of voting arrangements without interference, and only one person will eventually become the winner.” The chairman advised that as Akpan’s campaign starts officially, it should be done with love and pleasantries even as he advised him to focus on his grace, involve God in his campaign and discuss issues.