The Executive Vice-Chairman, Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Danbatta, says there are at least 195.4 million phone subscribers in the country as of December 2021. Speaking at the ongoing 43rd Kaduna International Trade Fair in Kaduna, the NCC’s Executive Vice-Chairman, explained that 141 million are for Internet subscribers while 40.88 per cent have a broadband connection, while the nation’s social media space has continued to thrive. To him, the telecommunication sector remains a strategic driver of the digital economy of the federal government, explaining that the commission was set for the deployment of the fifth-generation network in Nigeria. He stated that unlike 1G, 2G, 3G and 4G, the 5G network brings substantial network improvements, higher connection speed, mobility and capacity, as well as low-latency capabilities to communications services in Nigeria. He further explained, “Telecommunications sector has been a strategic driver of the digital economy agenda of the Federal Government, as it continues to provide the needed digital sinews that support the economy, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic and its attendant restriction period.” The NCC’s Executive Vice-Chairman said that the number of active mobile subscriptions reached 195.4 million in December 2021 in the country with Internet subscribers exceeding 141 million and broadband penetration 40.88 per cent. He explained that in this new environment, the competitiveness of Nigeria depends on the ability to leverage new technological, adding that areas, where NCC’s regulatory efforts in deepening access to digital services will benefit Nigeria and make it competitively comparable to other economy, include direct job creation; contribution to Gross Domestic Product growth; the emergence of new services and industries; workforce transformation; and business innovation. Prof. Danbatta stated that it is in response to ensuring that Nigeria is competitive in all these areas that the commission continuously puts a number of regulatory measures in place to ensure seamless access by Nigerians to telecommunications services in order to deepen competitiveness of the Nigerian economy. He added that the NCC is on the verge of deployment of Fifth Generation (5G) network in Nigeria, adding that already, spectrum licenses for the companies that will rollout services have been issued. He explained that though the deployment would start from the state capital sand gradually extends to other areas across the state, stated that it is important to state that, unlike 1G, 2G, 3G and 4G, the 5G network will bring substantial network improvements, higher connection speed, mobility and capacity, as well as low-latency capabilities to communications services in Nigeria. More importantly, he added that it is also the commitment at NCC to continue to provide a level-playing ground for operators to thrive, promote investment and delivery of innovative services to individual consumers, SMEs and big business owners by ensuring enhanced consumer quality of experience.