Lere Olayinka, the spokesman of the Otunba Bisi Kolawole Campaign Organization of the Peoples Democratic Party aspirant in Ekiti State and a former Chief Press Secretary to ex-Ekiti Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has decried the slow approach of government towards the ongoing fuel scarcity that is gradually crippling the nation’s economy. Olayinka, in an exclusive chat with DAILY POST on phone, said the issue of fuel scarcity is a further confirmation of the irresponsibility of those in charge of the affairs of the country, alleging that in a sane clime, people would have been held accountable for the sale of the adulterated fuel that allegedly put Nigeria in the current situation nationwide. According to the former CPS, “As of today, nobody has told us that some people have been punished for importing bad fuel into the country since this was what led to the current situation; and over a month that they told us that some marketers brought in bad fuel, we have not heard anything.” Olayinka further alleged that the silence of the government means that everything around petrol scarcity is being done deliberately just to create artificial scarcity in order to achieve a price increment. He said, “But as for me, this is what government does when it has a plan to increase fuel price. They will create artificial scarcity. People will be frustrated and go with the government as planned.” He said people won’t have a choice but to go with any increment after being drilled in an artificial scarcity, disclosing that most Nigerians now buy fuel above N200 per litre, especially states outside Abuja. Olayinka said, “This is because as of today, people are even buying fuel even up to N300 per liters officially from petrol station. By the time government comes to say, ‘we are increasing to an amount like N250 per litre, Nigerians will simply agree since they have been buying for even up to N300. That to me is what they are trying to do. ”At the international market, crude has increased to 130 dollars per barrel. That has never happened in the last 14 years. The federal government is not telling us anything. No impact of that increment is being felt.”