The launch of the SnappyExchange mobile app is one of the best things that can ever happen to cryptocurrency and gift card traders in Nigeria. With this mobile app, you can conveniently trade your bitcoins,Tron, sell gift card at any time, anywhere without delay. One major reason why many Nigerians have refrained from acquiring cryptocurrency and gift cards is due to the complex process of trading them. In the light of this, snappy exchange, a cryptocurrency and gift card trading company that won the Best Exchanger of the Year in 2021,and Digital Asset Management Brand 2021 From Maya Award Africa has launched a mobile app, to make the trading of cryptocurrency and gift cards super easy, efficient, and faster. SnappyExchange mobile app offers a lot of benefits to cryptocurrency and gift card traders. With this app, you can now conveniently trade your digital assets, anywhere and anytime, with 24/7 support.  Features Buy And Sell Cryptocurrency
Considering so many scams out there. Many Nigerians have refrained from keeping their money in local banks and are now converting them to digital assets. Now consider a situation, where you require urgent cash, and you can just conveniently bring out your mobile device and convert your cryptocurrency to cash in minutes, how awesome will that be? Also, on this mobile app, you can buy your cryptocurrency in minutes, and pay either with, transfer, debit cards, or via your wallets funds. Trading Of Gift Cards Judging from the perspective that there are a lot of platforms that trade gift cards in Nigeria, we can’t but say, not all of them have instant payment. Some platforms’ verification process takes hours before you will be paid for your card, while some will rip you off your cards. Nevertheless, with a snappy exchange mobile app, the payment is instant. You don’t have to wait for hours before you will be paid for redeeming your gift card. Snappyexchange has a slogan known as the Grandmasters of instant funding. Airtime And Data Worry no more about buying your airtime and data from third parties. You can now conveniently have your transaction within one app. On the snappyexchange mobile app, you can make purchases of your airtime and data conveniently from your wallet. Instant Funding Why should you have to wait for hours, before you receive payment for trading on a platform? At snappyexchange, you receive instant funding for trading on the platform. Best Rates On the snappy exchange app, you are trading at the best rates, you may never find elsewhere. No other platform comes close to the snappy exchange, when it comes to the rate they charge for gift cards and cryptocurrency, 24/7 Customer Support Nothing gives you peace of mind, like knowing there is customer support at your service anytime, whenever you encounter an issue. Trading on a snappy exchange mobile app comes with peace of mind, and confidentiality, because you know there is the customer support that will attend to you, in case you encounter any challenges. The app comes with inbuilt customer support, and you can also chat on WhatsApp. Trade Different Cryptocurrencies On the snappy exchange mobile app, you can trade different types of known and registered cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin, Usdt,Ethereum,dogecoin, Tron, etc. Rate Calculator Find out the current rate of different gift cards and crypto price in Naira using SnappyExchange gift card rate calculator Snappy Tokens Snappy Exchange is a platform that values its customers. If you consistently use the platforms, you will be able to accumulate large snappy tokens, which can either be converted to cash or used to perform transactions on the app. Free Monthly Surprise Box In addition, you also stand a chance of getting the snappy exchange surprised monthly box, as a reward for using the app. Safe And Secure Snappy Exchange is safe and secure. The platform is duly registered with C.A.C and also endorsed by Woli Agba and other top blog. They have their headquarter at Ikeja Lagos. Snappyexchange has 6 brand ambassadors. In the light of this, you can be sure of dealing with a safe and secure platform, which is very rare to come across in Nigeria. Mobile-Friendly Interface You can easily navigate across that app, and everything you need can be found without being taught or searching for a tutorial.  Reward For Top Traders
Trading on snappyexchange, comes with super awesome benefits, and one of them is SnappyExchange loyalty cash reward. You can qualify, for this award by clicking on the top trader Icon, and compete with those that are leading. The reward is in two categories, which are cryptocurrency traders and gift card traders. The app is available both on the Play Store and Apple store. Type Snappy Exchange on the search icon, and download the app. Download Snappy Exchange app here If you are already a member of SnappyExchange, you can directly login, nevertheless, if you are a new member, you will have to create an account, which takes less than a minute. Once you have logged in you will be presented with a dashboard. You will be able to navigate to any of the options you want, either you want to, redeem gift cards, trade cryptocurrency, or buy airtime and data.