Terrorists have reportedly invaded eight communities in Munya Local Government area of Niger State, killings scores and injuriing many villagers within three days. The villages include Liwi, Paidna, Tsohon Kabula, Chibani, Fuka, Kuchi, Dandaudu and Mararraban Dandaudu. It was gathered that between Wednesday to Friday, the rampaging gunmen ransacked villages without any resistance from security personnel or vigilante groups and carted away large herds of cattle, goats and sheep. Eyewitnesses stated that the terrorists stormed the areas in possession of sophisticated dangerous weapons, moved freely on motorcycles, while reigning mayhem on the communities as the people scamper for safety. A resident of Sarkin Pawa, Sunday Pada, told DAILY POST that his relatives in Tsohon Kabula informed him that terrorists have overran Paidna and neighbouring villages. He stated, “In Liwi, a community close to Kachiwe where people were previously burnt to ashes in their sleep, the gunmen attacked on Thursday and killed three people, abducted many others as well as carried away their valuables. According to him, “In Tsohon Kabula, my relatives also said the bandits are gathering in Paidna as a result of which, the villages around there have been deserted. We are left on our own with no security presence. Please, help us tell the government to come to our aid.” It was learnt that on Friday, in Fuka, Dandaudu and Mararraban Dandaudu, villagers who went to Chibani and Mutum Daya markets were attacked by gunmen. Eyewitness that escaped from the Mutum Daya market stated that the terrorists commenced operation around 2pm when the markets were full with sellers and buyers. On the number of casualties, the source said, “At the moment, we cannot do anything, until the situation is calm enough to ascertain those who died. Confirming the incident, the Commissioner for Local Government, Chieftaincy Affairs and Internal Security, Emmanuel Umar, stated that he has mobilized security agencies to the affected areas. “Government will ensure the security of lives and property of citizens and will ensure a coordinated security action in the affected areas will commence,” Umar said.