Chairman of the Tricycle Association of Nigeria, Cross River chapter, Ekpenyong Ewa has dissociated himself from other Keke drivers who refused to adhere to the state government’s directive on painting their vehicles. In 2018, the state government issued a directive to commercial drivers to paint their vehicles the state colours of blue and white. The directive also tasked commercial transport operators to get security numbers that would be boldly inscribed on their vehicles. Most commercial tricycle riders did not comply with the directive, five years after. The state government has now begun to impound tricycles and detain owners for non-compliance. Ewa said that the state government had given transporters over three years to comply and does not see why they should refuse. He said some of the operators like himself have obeyed the directive but many with questionable characters have refused. Ewa said, “with the state colours and security numbers the state government will be able to track vehicles in case of any crime. “Anybody that does not want to spray his vehicle to the state colours and security number knows what he is planning. There are many cultists, robbers and kidnappers parading as transporters,” he said. Reacting, the state Commissioner for Transport, Uqua Edet said the ministry has had several meetings with commercial transport operators in the state over the issue of insecurity and noncompliance even after three years. “It is important for us to know that the security challenge is growing every day, people are complaining of kidnappers and robbers using unpainted minibuses, taxis and even tricycles known as ‘Keke’ to rob. “We met with the operators and gave them till February 15 which has elapsed again, even though there were constant public service announcements to this effect. “Having given them that window for over three weeks, we decided to set up a team that works with the security apparatus of the state to ensure that any unpainted commercial vehicles are impounded,” he said.