The opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in Cross River State has said it will no longer sit by and watch the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC unleash violence on its members and properties. Chairman of the PDP, Venatius Ikem said this today following the political violence that erupted in Ketching village in Obanliku LGA of the state after the chairman of the LGA allegedly attempted to cite an APC office beside the home of a PDP leader in the community. The action reportedly led to a free for all fight, leading to injuries, bloodletting and destruction of properties in the community. Eyewitnesses said the ceremony spearheaded by the chairman of Obanliku LGA who is an APC stalwart led to what was described as ‘crude gangsterism and thuggery. According to the eyewitnesses, the crisis started because the PDP resisted the action by the APC while the APC people described as hoodlums allegedly vandalised the structure, leading to violence. In a statement, the PDP state chairman said, “We will not hide under civility to be subjugated by an administration that Our people cannot wait to see off and allow them impose themselves on our people against their will. “If the government of the state brings violence, we will match them with an equal force. They are occupying our secretariat by force. We kept quiet and have been following due process through the courts. “They have since unleashed violence on us during the February 26th by-elections and we are saying enough is enough. We will no longer be sitting ducks for anyone to use and shine. If the security agencies would not do their jobs, we will defend ourselves and our territory. “That’s going to mark the attitude of our party the PDP, moving forward. We won’t be turning the other cheek. We will use all legitimate means including civil disobedience to resist unjust treatment. It is true that no ambition is worth the blood of anyone, but blood flows in all of us. What’s good for the goose is good for the gander. Reacting, state chairman of the APC, Alphonsus Eba said it is in the character of PDP to be violent, adding that their leadership is noted to be temperamental. “I condemn any acts of violence. I am a man of peace. My party, APC, is all out for peace. We encourage our supporters to be peaceful. “But we know that the other party even their leadership is globally noted for violence.”