The most likely presidential hopefuls that will clinch their party’s 2023 tickets are Nigeria’s ex-Vice President Atiku Abubakar and former Lagos Governor, Bola Tinubu, according to an insider. The source told DAILY POST in Abuja that the aspirants on the platforms of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) are “the two strongest”. He listed their strengths as widespread political contacts, allies within party chapters in 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), “loyal past and serving government and security officials”. “But most importantly their war chest. They are the richest politicians. We all know money is important in politics. So, apart from that the fact that they are wealthy, they can also raise huge campaign funds. “Don’t forget that social media arguments or personal preferences aren’t what determine party flagbearers, the delegates do, at the primary. “In Nigeria today, Atiku and Tinubu are the strongest men outside government. They are not the only living former VP or Governor but their influence is visible. “They get extra security not only because they are entitled as former officeholders, but due to their political importance and strength. “Except sickness or death, Atiku and Tinubu are going head to head in 2023. Both of them know this and are already mapping out strategies to counter themselves”, he declared. There are demands that power should return to the south but forces in the north insist the constitutions of Nigeria and parties do not recognize zoning. While Atiku, an anti-zoning advocate, has contested five times for presidency – 1993, 2007, 2011, 2015 and 2019, it would be Tinubu’s first real shot. In 2007, the APC national leader sought to be a vice-presidential candidate to Atiku after they co-formed the Action Congress (AC). At a parley with the PDP Board of Trustees (BoT) on Tuesday, the retired Customs officer narrated how he eventually settled for Ben Obi, a former Senator and presidential adviser. In 2015, Tinubu wanted to run with Buhari but was asked to nominate to avoid a Muslim/Muslim ticket. He selected his former Commissioner of Justice, Yemi Osinbajo. The deputy to President Muhammadu Buhari, a Professor of Law and a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), is reportedly eyeing the presidency. Both friends of influential traditional rulers, Atiku and Tinubu are first-class title holders, Wazirin Adamawa and Asiwaju of Lagos/Jagaban of Borgu, respectively. Both have been business partners, collaborating on INTELS Limited (formerly Nigeria Container Services, NICOTES), the country’s biggest logistics company. The maritime, oil and gas sector service provider was co-founded in the 1980s by Atiku and Gabriele Volpi, an Italian businessman. Years ago, Atiku sold most of his interest to Tinubu who is linked to companies and assets including Oriental Hotel, Lekki Concession Company (LCC), Alpha Beta Consulting and Hitech Construction. However, the Adamawa-born one-time VP owns American University of Nigeria (AUN), Property Development Company (PRODECO), Adama Beverages, Farms, among others.