Ahead of Saturday’s national convention of the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Senate caucus on Monday said, no National Chairmanship aspirant has been endorsed. Senators Abdullahi Adamu, Tanko Al-Makura, Nasarawa and Sani Musa, Niger are contesting the position of the APC national chairmanship. The reaction of APC Senators was at the backdrop of reports that Senator Abdullahi Adamu has been endorsed, stressing that the party needed an energetic person who would be elected through a transparent election. The Spokesperson for the Senate, Dr. Ajibola Basiru, when contacted, said the APC members in the red chamber had not endorsed any of the aspirants. He said, “I am not aware that the APC senate caucus has adopted any senator for the position of the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress. “I know that three senators are contesting and there was nowhere or occasion when we took any decision to adopt any particular candidate. “We would be very happy if any of them emerge as the APC national chairman on Saturday. “The emergence of any of the three senators would be a good omen to our institution. “At the moment the APC senate caucus hasn’t endorsed any of them or agreed to pick any of them as the consensus candidate. “Senators Adamu Abdullahi, Sani Musa and Tanko Al-Makura are in the race,” he added. There was confusion on Monday when a national daily reported that the APC caucus in the Senate had endorsed a former governor of Nasarawa State, Abdullahi Adamu. The report claimed that the leadership of the 9th Senate led by the Senate Leader, Senator Abdullahi Yahaya made the declaration last Thursday during the launching of the Adamu’s campaign headquarters in Abuja. The launching of the campaign headquarters located at No 78 Emeka Anyaoku Street Area 11 Garki-Abuja witnessed the attendance of the leadership of the Senate. Those also in attendance included, Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo Agege; Chief Whip of the Senate, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu. Others were; Senator Ali Ndume; Senator Adamu Aliero; and Senator Barau Jibrin.