Five persons who go about fuel stations in Ilorin claiming to be operatives of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC, on national assignment from Abuja have been arrested. The spokesman of the NSCDC, Babawale Afolabi confirmed the arrest in a statement in Ilorin on Wednesday. The suspects who claimed to be members of the Importers Association of Nigeria are Saheed Adedayo (37), Murtala Oloruntoyin (40), Emmanuel Ferife (45), Abiodun Oluseun (44) and Issac Aluko (43). They allegedly have been going around filling stations extorting money from unsuspecting petrol sellers. The spokesman said further investigations have commenced to confirm whether the suspects are running a syndicate with other members also operating throughout the 16 local government areas of the state. “On the 8th of March, 2022 at about 1422 hours, our anti-vandal unit led by ACC Yusuf Ayinde Olatunji, got an intelligence report that some group of men, who put on civil defence uniforms have been going around filling stations in Ilorin metropolis claiming to be members of the national task force on assignment from Abuja. “After meeting the managers of the petrol stations, they will collect money from them, as the petrol sellers believe that they were officers of the NSCDC,” Babawale disclosed. “Luck, however, ran out on them as they got to a filling station at Amilegbe area of Ilorin where the office of the anti-vandal unit was contacted by the management of the petrol station. “The unit patrol team later swung into action and the five suspects were arrested. He said during interrogation, the suspects admitted to being on illegal duties but insisted they are members of the Importers Association of Nigeria and were going about filling stations to gather intelligence reports Meanwhile, the Commandant of the NSCDC in the state, Makinde Iskil Ayinla, has appealed to petrol stations and the people of the state at large to be wary of unscrupulous elements who will like to use the period of fuel scarcity to perpetrate crime. He further advised them to carry out all the necessary due diligence before dealing with any group or individuals claiming to be security operatives.