The representative of the Abia Central Senatorial District at the National Assembly and former Governor, Senator Theodore Orji, on Tuesday, reiterated his position on power shift to Abia North senatorial zone ahead of the 2023 gubernatorial election in Abia State. This is coming against the backdrops of a news report in some sections of the media that the ex-Governor was misconstrued. In a statement on Tuesday in Umuahia, the state capital, Senator Orji, who is also a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, maintained his earlier statement that the rotational agreement, known as “Abia Charter of equity” which demanded that the governorship seat of Abia State be zoned to Abia North zone be adhered to. He warned those commissioned to set the state on fire to toe the path of peace in the interest of growth and development of the state. According to him, “my attention has been drawn to the news in social media platforms and handles concerning Abia State governorship seat and where it is zoned to. “Let me state categorically clear that my earlier position on the subject matter remains sacrosanct and unambiguous. “All those working to set Abia state on fire should toe the path of peace, do a rethink and sustain the peace we have been savouring as God’s Own State. “No one’s ambition or aspiration no matter how lofty is bigger than Abia State”, Orji further insisted. DAILY POST also recalls that the Abia State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), had announced its position on the zoning of the gubernatorial ticket ahead of the party’s primaries and main general elections in 2023. In a communique dated and signed by the Abia chairman of the party, Allwell Asiforo Okere, and issued to newsmen in Umuahia, on Saturday, the State PDP leadership, zoned the governorship seat to Abia North and Abia Central Senatorial districts. The Abia PDP revealed that it arrived at the decision after wide consultation with leaders, critical stakeholders, teeming members and supporters and the recently concluded tour by the PDP leadership across the seventeen local government areas in Abia State.