Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, departed Nigeria for London, United Kingdom, for medical checkups. Buhari assured Nigerians that the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo would be running the government on his behalf. He is expected to return to the country in the next two weeks. 2. Aman, Hezekiah Francis, his wife, Josephine Hezekiah, and their five-month-old child, Hanniel Hezekiah, have been abducted from their residence at Abattoir new extension in Abaji metropolis of Abuja. It was gathered that while the man’s wife and the child were released after walking some few meters away from their house, the husband is still with the abductors. 3. Two persons have reportedly died while eight others sustained injuries in a road crash along the Lagos-Ibadan expressway. The spokesperson of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Florence Okpe, confirmed the incident on Sunday in Abeokuta. 4. Two suspected kidnappers have been killed and their corpses burnt in Anpam community of Mangu Local Area of Plateau State. The suspected kidnappers were killed by some youth in the area. About 13 houses belonging to herders in the area were also set ablaze by the angry youths after killing the suspected kidnapers. 5. Former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi, has accused some Nigerians of manipulating religion to cover the truth. He spoke against the backdrop of the controversy that trailed the introduction of the non-interest financial system, otherwise known as Islamic banking. 6. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, will today arraign the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP, Abba Kyari, before the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, following his alleged involvement in drug trafficking. 7. Ukraine and Russia will engage in talks aimed at negotiating a cease-fire and safe passage for civilian evacuations on Monday, a Ukraine official said, after the evacuation at the southeastern city of Mariupol was halted. The Ukrainian president’s office said Saturday that Russia continued shelling the area in violation of a cease-fire. 8. A second attempt to evacuate civilians from a besieged city in southern Ukraine collapsed Sunday amid renewed Russian shelling, while Russian President Vladimir Putin turned the blame for the war back on Ukraine and said Moscow’s invasion could be halted “only if Kyiv ceases hostilities.” 9. There was uncertainty on Sunday over zonal congresses of the All Progressives Congress scheduled for Saturday as the party had yet to begin preparations. It was gathered that State chapters of the party had yet to receive any directive from the national leadership, less than a week to the congresses. 10. There was tension in Ogbe-Ani, Ubulu-Uku community, in the Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta State following the rejection of a corpse that was brought without eyes, tongue and other organs. The deceased, Mrs Comfort Biakpara, who was in her early 50s, was said to have been brought to her family compound in Ubulu-Uku by her husband, who hailed from the Burutu Local Government Area of the State.