Former Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District, Shehu Sani, has asked the Sharia Police, otherwise known as Hisbah, to confront terrorists and bandits operating and damaging the name of Islam in Nigeria. Sani said, the ideological beliefs of terrorists, bandits and kidnappers in the Northern region, which have created insecurity with serious human and infrastructural casualties were within the operation of Sharia law, which Hisbah represents, hence, they should rise up to save the name of Islam and Muslims in the country. Sani, a civil rights activist, made the call on Monday in Kano during a familiarisation visit to Hisbah. Shehu Sani argued that it is the duty of Hisbah to protect the image of Islam and Muslims in the region being abused by the bandits and terrorists who are killing innocent people in the name religion. He said: “The message I have given them is that the most important and sensitive issue today as a country is the problem of banditry and terrorism and as a religious police, they have a duty to unite and see how they can combat banditry and terrorism in Nigeria. “The need for them to be mobilizing people to rise against banditry and terrorism in northern part of Nigeria is also very important. “The need for them to reach out to rural communities and educate our citizens on the need for them not to join bandits and terrorists is also very important. So apart from them to be enforcing religious laws, there is need for them at this hour to be very more present, active and agile in finding a lasting solution to the problem of bandits and terrorists that have been kidnapping and killing our people,” Shehu Sani said. He further expressed delight that the Islamic moral outfit has toned down and settled controversial issues about afro-hair which is his style, adding that he was also in Kano to defend the right of those who chose to live with afro-hair like him. Concerning the prohibitive things they told him, he said: “They have told me in practical terms that they are against the manufacture, consumption and distribution of alcohol in this state as well as drug abuse. “I was told that they have a dress code which if you violate you have violated the law of Hisbah. They told me about manqué that if you can remove the head of it, you can put it in your store to display your product. “Lastly they told me about the types of movies which they allow or disallow as a way of preserving public morality. At least these are some of the things they talked to me about,” he stated.