The Chairman, Ningi Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Mamuda Hassan Tabla, on Thursday, debunked his purported suspension from office, saying the rumour as carried by an online medium was mischievous and politically motivated. There were reports on Tuesday that Tabla was suspended from office through a letter issued by the local government secretary, Haruna Abdulhamid, citing allegations of incompetence, lack of consultation in conducting the affairs of the council, among others, against him. The report claimed the deputy chairman, Ibrahim Zubairu, would take over from Tabla during the period of suspension. Reacting to the development, Tabla said he had to clarify, so the undiscerning does not fall for the deception of the reports if the facts were not put straight. According to him, the news of the so-called “suspension” was the handiwork of political forces bent on degrading his political stature to position themselves for higher office. “I would have ignored this patently laughable and contradictory hatchet job but for the fact that the undiscerning may fall for this deception if the facts are not put straight. “In their haste to execute their devilish agenda, they failed to get their facts right. As I am talking to you now, I am in my office on my seat discharging my official functions and responsibilities harmoniously as executive chairman of Ningi,” Tabla said. He said the leadership of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) both in the state and local government levels have faith in his ability, the chairman said his link with the people of the area and councillors was unbreakable. “My performance as elected executive chairman is unassailable. My link with my constituents, councillors and entire people of Ningi Local Government Area is unbreakable. The leadership of my party (PDP) and my people have total faith and belief in my abilities. “My further progress in politics is in the hands of God. No amount of fake news can stop what has been divinely ordained,” he said. He explained that since his assumption of office as chairman, he had adopted an inclusive and participatory approach, adding that he had been transparent and accountable to all and made tremendous efforts in the provision of infrastructures in the local government area. “In Bauchi (State), if you don’t count me as number one, I will be number two or three in terms of performance in office. “We have been forthright in carrying out our official functions together with my councillors. Some politicians decided to use them for their selfish interests but they (councillors) refused to be used. “That is how we have always worked in the council. The idea of disunity or attempt to move against the chairman by councillors only exists in the imagination of mischief makers.” Reacting to the allegations that he was selling land in the Lame/Burra Game Reserve forest as well as encouraging tree felling there, thus aiding deforestation, the chairman informed that various committees have been set up by the state government to investigate the allegations. According to him, nothing incriminating was found against him by the committees, adding that the forest was under the state government and as he could not have allowed illegal settlers there.