The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami SAN, on Thursday asked journalists to refrain from publishing fake news, hate speeches, sedition and libelous reports capable of inciting violence before, during and after the forthcoming 2023 general elections. Malami made the appeal in a keynote speech he delivered at the 2021 media conference organized by the National Association of Judiciary Correspondents, Abuja chapter. “I call on journalists to refrain from fake news, defamation, sedition, hate speech, blasphemy, and incitements of inflammatory statements in their reportage that could jeopardize our corporate existence as a nation and hamper the peace we have been enjoying,” he said. The AGF commended NAJUC for organizing the conference, saying it was “a clear indication of working towards making positive impression and impact in democratic process and nation building”. He expressed appreciation to judiciary reporters, stressing that their reports culminate into the positive portrayals of the landslide and laudable accomplishments of the Federal Ministry of Justice, justice sector in general and by extension the Federal Government. “With the 2023 General Election approaching, I hope this conference will address the practice where journalists would be conscripted by agents of destructions to spread false information about personalities and issues. “Unprofessional media practitioners have been reporting untrue and fabricated information against public office holders. “Many public officers have been victims of malicious media reports, mischievous and deliberate distortion of facts. “No doubt, the media is important in shaping public opinion, but hate speech and fake news challenge our cherished and collective culture of peaceful and harmonious co-existence as a people. “You are journalists in the Nigerian Justice Sector because Nigeria exists as an entity. We cannot afford to spill the beans on account of mischievous actions and inactions of some who claim to be journalists. “There has to be consequences for the conduct of the journalists that offer themselves to conscription by agents of destruction that make it their stock in trade to spread fake information about personalities and issues,” the AGF said.