The last is yet to be heard on the controversies surrounding the zoning of governorship position in Enugu State. DAILY POST reports that former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu had last week challenged proponents of zoning to show evidence where any such meeting held. In what appears to be a response to that challenge, Enugu West leaders, under the umbrella of Ife Emelumma addressed journalists in Enugu on Tuesday, where they displayed a document showing a meeting where zoning was discussed at a Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, caucus meeting in 2013. The press briefing was addressed by Senator Prince Ben Collins Ndu, flanked by other leaders from his Enugu West zone. He said at a well attended meeting in 2013, the State caucus agreed on the rotation of the governorship position and it was signed by over 50 stakeholders, including Senator Ekweremadu. According to Senator Ndu, the motion for the zoning and rotation of the guber position was moved by Chief Dubem Onyia and seconded by himself after an amendment by Chief Barrm COC Egumgbe. “The motion was adopted and signed by more than 50 participants that included among others, Dr. Okwesilieze Nwodo, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, Rt. Hon. Eugene Odo, Engr. Vitta Abba. “I wonder why my brother and friend, Senator Ike Ekweremadu who was physically present in the caucus meeting and who is a Christian, last Saturday at Solid FM, during Lenten period, told a big lie that there is no zoning in Enugu State. “For record purposes and to avoid any benefit of doubt, there is written zoning and rotation of governorship position in Enugu State.” While displaying the document showing the resolution at the said 2013 meeting and the signatories, the leaders called on “all peace loving citizens of Enugu West Senatorial zone and indeed Enugu State to disregard these lies perpetrated by my brother and friend Senator Ike Ekweremadu since the zoning and rotation of governorship seat and other positions in Enugu State have brought enormous peace and progress in the State. “I urge my brother and Senator, Ike Ekweremadu to maintain his 2013 commitment in support of a rotational zoning arrangement so as to ensure continuous peace in our dear State.” On whether Enugu West was being marginalized as declared by Senator Ekweremadu, Ndu said the lawmaker should not do a u-turn because of his interest, stressing “he was at the caucus meeting and signed the document, he didn’t raise any issue of marginalization then. So, whatever he is saying now is medicine after death.” He, however, expressed optimism that Senator Ekweremadu would see reasons and change his mind. 