The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Women leader, Professor Stella Effah-Attoe has urged lawmakers to re-present the gender equality bill for consideration. PDP National Women leader stated this while addressing a press conference to commemorate International Women’s Day, Tuesday in Abuja. The theme of this year’s International Women’s Day is “Gender Equality Today, for A Sustainable Tomorrow: Breaking the Bias. She said “Break the bias is a clarion call that aims at canvassing for a Gender Equal world, a Nigeria that is free of Bias, Stereotypes and Discrimination against women. It seeks to entrench Equity and Inclusiveness, build a society where Gender differences are respected and celebrated. Professor Effah-Attoe urged Nigerians to collectively break the bias against women in the country, in the workplaces, in the Legislature, Executive and Judiciary and at home. “The First of March, 2022 was indeed a Black Day in the annals of Nigerian History. This was when the National Assembly in Nigeria failed to make history on one of the critical issues on the nation-building discourse, by voting against the Gender Bills that seek to achieve Gender Balancing in both appointive and elective leadership positions of our dear country, intra-Party leadership and administrative positions, she stated. PDP National Women leader stressed that women’s inclusiveness in the socio-economic and political activities of any country brings about robust, sustainable growth and development. She said “Socio-cultural, economic and political achievements of women in the world and Nigeria in particular, are enormous. Women are symbols of peace, progress, stability and unity. “It is, therefore, a calamitous situation when in the 21st century, the Nigerian legislature would largely vote against adequate women representation in governance and policymaking, she noted. She described it as an unfortunate development and a modern-day tragedy. According to her, ” it is retrogressive, moribund, unfortunate and tragic. It speaks very lowly of our dear country in the comity of nations, especially with the EU Women award coming up shortly. She noted that the decision of the National Assembly is not cast in rock, saying “Nigerians are disappointed, frustrated and feel grossly disrespected by the rejection of the Gender Equality Bills by the National Assembly”. PDP National Women leader continued “It is in the light of this catastrophic insensitivity that the office of the national woman leader of the PDP makes these Prayers: The National Assembly should Re-present the said Bills for positive reconsideration(s). This is not a sign of weakness. It is rather that of strength. “The idiosyncrasies against Women in the National Assembly should be jettisoned. The rise of women, does not in any way, make men fall. “The National Assembly should adopt the 35% Affirmative Action which is the most accepted global standard on Gender inclusion. The expectations of Nigerians on this matter should be met and that is the quick passage of the Gender Equality Bills”. She urged the male senators, members of the House of Representatives and State Assemblies to support the Gender Bills re-presented.