A 27-year-old mother of a kidnapped 3-months old boy, Ijeoma Oparaeche, has cried to the Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma and Inspector-General of Police, Usman Akali Baba to prevail on all police formations in the state to help her find her child. The traumatized mum also appealed to religious organizations, families and non-governmental organisations in the state to assist her in finding her missing baby. Ijeoma, who spoke to DAILY POST in Owerri, Imo State, said the family her family has been devastated after her 3-month child was stolen by a strange man who wanted to marry her. The 27-year-old mother who has yet to come to terms with the shocking and devastating incident said since one Mr Obinna Eze, from Ikeduru LGA who is cooling off at the state CID Owerri came in the company of her sister to kidnap her baby, her life has crashed. She said she had not set her eyes on her 3-month old baby since the incident occurred on December 26, 2021. Ijeoma who was weeping intermittently as she narrated her ordeals said ”I don’t even know if my baby is alive as we speak now. After Eze came to my family house in Obazu Mbieri in Mbaitoli council area for the introduction and collection of marriage list, he told my mother, a helpless widow that I should come with them to meet his family members and she agreed. “While heading to his family house on December 26th 2021 he pleaded that we stop by the market and buy some tubers of yam and I obliged his request. He then urged me to give my child to his sister so that I would be free to carry the yam and other things to be purchased, then I left my child in his sister’s care in a private car they came with.” She said the man’s sister took the baby from her alongside a piece of cloth used as the wrapper. She further lamented that after buying the yams, the man asked her to take it to the car to enable him buy other things but eventually fled in the process. Her words “After purchasing the tubers of yams he asked me to drop them in the car while he gets other food items. On getting to the car park, I saw nobody and went back to the place I left the man.” The traumatized mother said it was at this point she realized the assailant had escaped and she raised an alarm. She said since then it was only on the 18th of March, 2022 that my elder brother Chibueze Oparaeche saw him and called the attention of Obazu Neighborhood Watch and he was arrested at Umuchoke Obazu. The traumatized mother said she had earlier reported the matter at the state CID but nothing positive came out of it. She said ” I am begging our Gov. Uzodinma, IGP, Akali to use their good office and prevail on police formations in the country to help me investigate the matter and get my son. I am also appealing to other security agencies to wade into the matter. My appeals also go to Nigerians and non-governmental organisations, to assist me in finding the child. She said her life has crashed. I am injured and devastated, Since the man was apprehended nothing positive has happened there is no good response from the police.