The Citizens Advocacy for Social & Economic Rights, CASER, has sent a strong message to the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, for allegedly defying court order on the appointment of a company to serve as operator of the International Cargo Tracking Note in Nigeria. CASER in a statement by its Executive Director, Mr. Frank Tietie in Abuja, stated that the minister and any other party has since been barred by a court of competent jurisdiction from appointment that borders on the substantive suit, hence, CASER would approach court, if there was anything contrary. The statement explained that a Federal High Court sitting in Abuja had granted an Injunction restraining Amaechi, the Bureau of Public Procurement BPP and the Attorney General of the Federation from taking any further steps towards nominating any company or entity to be operators of the International Cargo Tracking Note, ICTN, in Nigeria. Two companies – MedTech Scientific Ltd and Rozi International Ltd, which have been appointed by the government to operate the ICTN in Nigeria. The injunction, Tietie said, has “legally stopped the Minister from discussing or taking action on the matter.” According to him, “The order granted by justice Diyuu Okorowo followed the concerns raised by the Citizens Advocacy for Social & Economic Rights, CASER about the alleged malfeasance in the ongoing process of appointing an implementing agents for the International Cargo Tracking Note (ICTN) in Nigeria. “It should be reiterated that CASER filed the suit in the public interest, considering the dire security implications and serious economic consequences for the Federal Government of Nigeria and indeed all Nigerians, who would risk continuing to groan under the heavy weight of insecurity and dwindling financial resources in the event of appointing incompetent and compromised persons to operate the International Cargo Tracking Note in Nigeria which would be tragic.
“During the pendency of a suit, parties are expected to maintain the status quo and to refrain from acts that would prejudice the powers of the Court to avoid foisting a fait accompli on it. It, therefore, amounts to contempt of Court in the manner the Honourable Minister of Transport in defiance of the Court Order, has been authorizing the Nigerian Shippers Council to have meetings between and among Medtech Scientific Limited and Rozi International Nigeria Limited and Frabemar SRL who are parGes to the pending suit in the Federal High Court. “The implementation of the ICTN in Nigeria is of such crucial importance that it cannot be conducted in defiance of law and standard procedure.”