Main Takeaways Breet, a new crypto trading application has been introduced in February 2022. Breet is an OTC crypto exchange platform that allows users and businesses who simply wants to receive crypto and get a flat equivalent of their coin, to convert their crypto to cash money immediately. With Breet over-the-counter system, you are saved the hassle of boring explanation of what and how crypto works, and tedious illustrations of cryptocurrency market charts. Breet enables users to securely convert and withdraw their crypto coin to cash money in less than five(5) minutes without the use of peer-to-peer trading or any third party agent. What is peer-to-peer trading you may ask? Peer-to-peer trading is commonly addressed in the crypto market as P2P trading. It is the act of trading exchange where users can buy or sell their cryptocurrencies directly between themselves. In more practical words, P2P trading has occurred when a user ‘A’ has some crypto coins and has fixed a price to sell it, then a user ‘B’ sees the listing in the market chart and proceeds to buy from ‘A’. Peer-to-peer trading gives you partial control over who buys your cryptocurrency and who you buy from, the pricing and settlement time. While P2P trading give users a partial control over the process, it is worthy to note that peer-to-peer trading carries some risks; this is where an exchange platform like Breet comes in handy for risk conscious users. Breet is essential to risk conscious users, including businesses who wants to securely receive coins and convert them to cash money without transacting with a second party or any agent or spending much time. In 2021, a Ghanaian Business Owner lamented of his losses ever since he started using crypto as a form of payment. He said in his words: “I have suffered so many challenges ever since I inducted cryptocurrency as a form of payment in my business. P2P trading takes too much time. I will have to wait for hours before I can confirm payment, causing me to lose my clients and lose interest. It’s too slow. Also, as an entrepreneur who seeks to expand, I can’t transact in bigger quantity because of low liquidity in peer-to-peer trading. Worst of it all, I have gotten scammed by fake crypto users who claimed to send me the coin when they didn’t; and I lose so much money. It has cost me and my business a lot. I’m super elated that Breet has become a solution for my business.” During the launch campaign, one of the representative of Breet said: “…with your personal crypto wallet address given by Breet, you can receive your coins securely; it is lightning fast and no fear of working with fraudulent unknown users. Breet comes with an improved cryptocurrency exchanging system that reduces the risk attached to P2P trading.” Another user testified that: “Breet has made crypto exchange so much easier and faster. I no longer have to wait for hours during P2P trading. I can now convert and withdraw my crypto coin in less than five minutes.” Aside its fast processing, Breet is so simple and easier to understand and use. A user, Semi, said that: ” Breet is very cool. It’s simple to use, that’s what I like most about the app”. On a final note, it is evident that Breet is an unconventional platform that has come to positively change the game in crypto exchange. Breet hopes that the new platform will make cryptocurrency exchange so much easier and safer for every crypto user and as always, they are open for honest feedbacks from users.