A stalwart of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and one of the contestants for the position of national chairmanship of the party in the just-concluded convention, Saliu Mustapha has said he stepped down in order to strengthen the unity of the party. DAILY POST recalls that the national convention of APC was held last week. The leadership of the party had prevailed on some of those who contested for the position of chairman of the party. One of the candidates, Saliu Mustapha has, however, said, he accepted to step down due to the unity of the party. Mustapha in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday explained that he did it for the unity and cohesion of the party. Mustapha said his vision has always been about building a strong party because he believed that politics can only get better when political parties are sanitized. Mustapha who is the Turaki of Ilorin used the opportunity to congratulate those who emerged as the national executive members of the party. Mustapha said, “My vision has always been about building a strong party because I believe that our politics can only get better when we sanitize our political parties and make them true instruments for recruiting competent and desirable leadership for our country. It is, therefore, towards the realization of that singular objective that I have made several sacrifices in the past. “As you may already be aware, on Friday 25th March, 2022, on the eve of the important National Convention of the APC in which I was a frontline aspirant for the party’s national chairmanship seat, I decided to step down in deference to the wishes and dictates of the leadership of our party. I did it for the unity and cohesion of our great party, for its greater good and as proof of my undying loyalty to a political party, I hold so dearly in my heart. “I made this decision with the full awareness that our party represents a cohesive family, one that ambition and interests must never be allowed to divide. As a family and as a political party, contestation and competition will be inevitable, but the ultimate objective of maintaining our unity and togetherness must always triumph over whatever individual aspirations we all may have. “Finally, to the leadership of our party, I welcome and congratulate you”.