A coalition of Civil Society Organisations has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to sack heads of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority, NMDPRA, and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC. Speaking at a press briefing organized by the Youths Arise For Undiluted Leadership and Development Initiative, YAULDI, the CSOs alleged connivance between NMDPRA and the NNPC, in the lingering fuel crisis, warning that their actions negate the spirit of the Petroleum Industry Act. The CSOs also urged the President to intervene in the lingering fuel crisis across the country, insisting that using pensioners from a particular organisation to act as regulators in that same sector, does not mean well for Nigeria. A statement signed by Akarame Lucky and Ifunanya Ogboma, on behalf of the coalition, warned that a sector regulator should be ”firm, proactive, assiduous, and protective of public interest,” saying that was not the case with the NMDPRA in the recent fuel crisis. The group tasked the President to set up an Independent Panel of Inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the importation of the contaminated fuel into the country by the NNPC and its contractors. It insisted that the NNPC under the Petroleum Industry Act reserves the responsibility to import petrol into the country and also reserves sole culpability for the violation of the process of fulfilling that statutory function. ”The GMD of the NNPC has offered no reasonable explanation, proffered no workable solution to the protracted scarcity, and appeared totally in a quandary. These generally leave room for loss of faith in government. ”It is now a matter of national security and overriding public interest for the Minister of State Petroleum, Timipre Sylva; the GMD of NNPC and CEO of NMDPRA (Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Agency) to present to the public the finding of their investigations into the importation of adulterated petroleum products. ”The four organizations earlier fingered; Brittania-U, AY Mai Kifi, Emmadeb and Hide-Energy, have all denied any wrongdoings. So, who imported the adulterated petroleum into Nigeria? Who certified its quality? Why is the downstream Regulator so reckless and incompetent? ”It is unacceptable for the head of a public regulator, managing a sensitive part of the economy to be junketing the globe while our citizens are subjected to so much misery caused by the abdication of its statutory responsibilities,” the group said.