A bill seeking to provide a legal framework for the Nigeria Television Authority College, a training arm of the NTA in Jos, has passed second reading in the upper legislative Chamber on Wednesday. The bill, which was sponsored by Senator Istifanus Dung Gyang, representing Plateau North Senatorial district, passed second reading overwhelmingly after he presented the lead debate. The bill entitled: “A bill for an Act to amend the National Television Authority College, Jos and for related Matters, 2022”, Senator Gyang recalled, was read the first time on Tuesday, March 15, 2022. The lawmaker said many well meaning Nigerians who are successful in journalism practice have passed through the institute, hence, there was need to provide a legal framework to legitimise its activities. Speaking on the core mandate of the NTA College, Gyang said: “To undertake the training of broadcasters, engineers/technologists, journalists, content producers, information and communication technologists among others. “To train television producers, television broadcasters, television engineering, television journalism and mass communication (television) on national and international basis.” The lawmaker said the broadcast industry has assumed a national and global significance that a training outfit like the NTA College which is government-owned should not be left behind. The lawmaker noted that the college started 42 years ago when the need for specialised and professional training for NTA personnel arose, which necessitated the establishment of the college in 1980. In his contribution, the Senator representing Sokoto East Senatorial district, Ibrahim Gobir, disclosed that he was a product of the school. He called for support of the bill, saying that, “if you take statistics, you will discover that almost every member of the NTA went through that school.” Senator Nora Daduut from Plateau State spoke in favour of the bill, recalling that the coloured television took off from Jos and that it was the mother of all coloured television in West Africa. After putting the bill to vote, it was passed and referred to the Senate Committee on Information and National Orientation for further legislative action to report back in four weeks.