The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called on the federal government to synergize with his administration and step up military operations that will flush out armed herdsmen from neighbouring states bordering Benue. He said this will help end the invasion of Benue communities by killer herdsmen who have continued to use the porous nature of the state borders to invade hapless communities on the Benue side of the border. The governor made the call while reacting to the killing of scores of villagers from Ahentse village in the Ndzorov council ward of Guma local government. Nzorov is the council ward of Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and his Principal Special Assistant on Special Duties, Abrahams Kwaghngu. Governor Ortom who expressed sadness over the recent attack on Tse Ahentse, near Iyordye in Guma Local Government Area at dawn on Tuesday, March 8th, 2022 said it is time the federal government “steps up the military operations in states that share common boundaries with Benue because these communities along the borders have become targets of the armed herders.” “It is time to end this unnecessary shedding of innocent blood. We can do it if we cooperate with each other,” the governor said in a statement by his media office. He recalled how he has been synergising with his counterparts by holding joint security and peace meetings to build confidence amongst the people so that they will live in peace with one another. He bemoaned “the situation where killer herdsmen take shelter with our neighbours, sneak in and kill our people without provocation” saying, “this will not be tolerated any longer. Let the security agencies continue to cooperate with us in Benue to end this bloodletting. Let us dislodge these invaders from wherever they may be hiding for peace to return to our communities.” The Governor while commending the security agencies for their steadfastness and commitment to ending the crises, called on Benue people to begin to arm themselves with “lawful weapons as prescribed by law and defend themselves against the Fulani invaders.” The governor said “it is no longer fashionable to continue to cry out for help. We must now be alert and ready to confront these killers. This is another way we can assist the security agencies in combating this menace since they are obviously overstretched beyond limits.” In the early hours of Tuesday, March 8th, 2022, herdsmen invaded Ahentse community, Mbagen kindred in Nzorov council ward of Guma Local Government Area and shot sporadically, killing many people and injuring others. Some of the dead bodies of those found killed by herdsmen who attacked Tse Ahentse near Iyordye in Guma LGA at dawn are Clement Tortiv, Enoch Utim, Terkimbi Kutaer, Mtaaega Tyogbea and Aondoaver Swende. The injured includes Sunday Gaga and Torkwase Igbira.