Former Commissioner for Works under former Governor Ayodele Fayose’s administration in Ekiti State, Mrs Funmi Ogun, has expressed confidence that the Peoples Democratic Party remains strong and united to win the June 18 governorship poll. Ogun maintained that the candidate of the party, Hon Bisi Kolawole, stands a better chance of winning the election, leaning on former governor Fayose’s impressive performance. The former commissioner said this in Ado Ekiti on Monday while unveiling her intention to contest for the House of Representatives in 2023 to represent Ido/Osi/Ilejemeje and Moba Federal Constituency of Ekiti State. Ogun, who hails from Orin Ekiti in Ido/Osi Local Government Area, revealed that she had gone to Abuja to procure the nomination and expression of interest forms to contest the National Assembly election in 2023, with high hope of winning and giving her people qualitative representation. Debunking the claim the PDP has been emasculated with the emergence of Kolawole as the party’s flag bearer, Ogun stated that the party has a bright chance of trouncing the ruling party in the forthcoming polls. “The PDP is more united and stronger than ever to win. We have a good chance in this election, no doubt about that. Check you records very well, the PDP government of Ayodele Fayose remains the most acceptable in Ekiti history. “Fayose is the most acceptable politician to Ekiti people because of his welfarist programme and ties with the grassroots and less privileged. So, we have no fear for June 18, we are winning. “The ruling All Progressives Congress and have nothing to campaign with, since they assume office it has been one tale of woe or the other, the people are passing through pain, hunger and being pummelled by insecurity from every side, infact it’s safer living in Ukarain now than Ekiti state hence the ruling party will fail in this election. So, the noise that the party had been weakened by Kolawole’s emergence was a mere cheap talk and skeptics will see on election day”, she stated. On her ambition to be member of House of Representatives, Ogun promised to make the right sacrifices to give her constituents the best representation they deserve if given the mandate to serve. “Ekiti people knew my capacity to deliver on any task given to me. As a commissioner, I supervised the best projects in Ekiti history which are the 1.1km flyover built by the administration of Governor Fayose at Okesa area. This project still remains the best legacy project of all time, others include and not limited to the governor’s office, high court complex, Oja Oba and so on. “This confirms how diligent I am at assigned duty. The flyover remains the longest flyover built in any state in the Southwest and I will do better if people could elevate me with their votes in 2023. “Though, I am sure that they will support me because of the hopeless situation the current occupant of the seat has brought to our people”, she said. She thanked Fayose and the acting Chairman of the party, Lanre Omolase, for their support, pledging to revive the pedal of campaign and ensures that she delivers for PDP in the election.