The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) have arrested eighty alleged internet fraudsters a.k.a. ‘Yahoo boys’ in Ibadan, capital of Oyo. Forty others were arrested by operatives of the Enugu Zonal Command for the same suspected offences. A statement on Wednesday by EFCC spokesman Wilson Uwujaren said they were nabbed after verified intelligence indicted them.  Incriminating documents were found in 35 of the 80 suspects arrested in Ibadan, he noted. They are: Victor Abumere, Kehinde Samuel, Adedeji Ibrahim Olamilekan, Akinbowale Emmanuel, Taiwo Azeez, Adenuga Sunday, Sidiku Olubodun, Ekhuemelo Jerry, Agboola Khalid Babatunde, Alex Kelvin, Akande Jonah, Tobiloba Adekanye, Fatai Olalekan T., Giwa Babatunde David. Others are Emmanuel Victor Mayowa, Taofeek Toheeb Olamilekan, Olamilekan Fafilolu Quadri, Olayinka Taiwo Olaniyi, Emmanuel Abiodun Olalekan, Awoleke Opeyemi Uthman, Ikenna Anyanwu Victor, Mosuro Daniel Oluwaseun, Amoo Abdulmalik Ademola, Oluwaseun Adeniran, Kehinde  The rest: Kehinde Olatunji, Bakare Kayode Augustine, Okoli Propser, Kolawole Blessing, Okeolu Moshood, and Hammed Khalid Ayomide, Hassan Waris Ademola, Taiwo Ademola, Adewale Ayomiposi, Abdullahi Maleek Olaniyi, Masika Adekunle Andrew. They were arrested in various locations in Ibadan. Thirteen exotic cars, three motorbikes and mobile phones and laptops of different brands were recovered. In Enugu, the suspects picked between March 29 and 30 include Chimezie Onyegwa, Chukwuebuka Jamespaul, Adams Nengi, Chibua Emmanuel. Mmoh Henry, Kingsly Obinna, Francis Alex, Nelson Chidiebere, Paschal Eze, Eke Emmanuel, Ezeme Johnpaul , Aroh Kenneth.  Others are Ugwu Darlington, Chukwuemeka Collins and Ejielo Ifeanyi, Justin Obidiwe, Chibuike Henry, Chukwuemeka Okafor, Osodiuru Prince, Nwachukwu Steven, kelekchukwu Ugwu, Ugwuoke Victor, Udeh Victor, Ekata Endurance, Ukpabi Evidence, Eze Obinna, Amobi Eya, Victor Joshua. The rest: Gabriel Noel and Chisom Ede Nnamuchi, Onwe Nnamdi, Okonkwo Somtochukwu, Nnaji Ifeanyi, Ezeagu Ifeanyi, Maduabuchi Nwangbo, Onyenamaya Tochukwu, Wisdom Solomon, Agu Chibuzor, Nwokoro Sochima and Ifeanyichukwu Miracle They were caught in Nsukka, and the Premier Layout axis of Enugu, following verified intelligence. Items recovered were three cars, mobile phones and laptops of various brands and other incriminating documents. Uwujaren added that the suspects will be charged to court as soon as the EFCC concludes its investigations.