Two winners emerged from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial primary election held on Tuesday in Osun State. Senator Ademola Jackson Adeleke won the primary held at Osogbo Township Stadium supervised by the PDP primary election committee. Also, another candidate, Dotun Babayemi, emerged in the parallel gubernatorial primary at WOCDIF Centre, Ring Road, Osogbo. Senator Adeleke and Sanya Omirin, who had withdrawn from the primary, pitched their tent with the acting chairman of the party, Sunday Bisi while other aspirants, including Dele Adeleke, who withdrew, aligned with the former chairman Soji Adagunodo. Supervised by the Deputy Governor of Bayelsa, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo, as Chairman of the Osun governorship primary, Adeleke was declared the winner. The process was also supervised by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) officials and other leaders of the party in the state. Federal representatives from the state were present. At the primary held at WOCDIF Centre, former governor, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola; former Deputy Governor, Erelu Olusola Obada; Tajudeen Oladipo among others were present without the presence of INEC officials. During the process, Oyetola said the primary held at WOCDIF Centre is valid and lawful. “Those of us here are the ones following the law and order,” he said. Declaring Adeleke as the winner of the primary, the chairman of the Osun PDP primary election, Ewhrudjakpo, described the parallel primary organised elsewhere as illegal. He said the only primary election recognised is the one organised by a committee set up by the National Working Committee of the party. “Any other congress, apart from the one I supervised, will not be recognised by the national headquarters of the party,” he said. In his acceptance speech, Adeleke urged other aspirants to work together with him to win the governorship election in the state saying there was no victor, no vanquished in the primary election. “I thank my co-contestants for their sportsmanship, I urge them to allow us to work together as one big family. No victor no vanquish we are all winners Let’s work for PDP, let’s work together to rescue the good people of Osun State for the current APC government,” he said.