An Ogun State Magistrate’s Court sitting in Itori, Ewekoro Local Government of Ogun State, has remanded 12 suspected killers of the Olu of Agodo, Oba Ayinde Odetola DAILY POST recalls that Oba Odetola was on January 24 burnt to death by some persons in Agodo. The monarch had visited a portion of land in the village to clear the grave of his late brother when he was attacked alongside three others. Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force in Zone 2, Onikan Lagos recently arrested and paraded some suspects arrested in connection with the murder of the late king. It was said that about 50 hoodlums, led by one Gbeminiyi Sotade, stormed Agodo to attack the monarch, who was said to have been killed for being a land grabber. On Thursday, the police arraigned Abiodun Sanyaolu, Fatai Ramon, Lukman Azeez, Femi Adeniyi, Adeniyi Samuel Akinjiyan and Monsuru Ramon. Others are Segun Akinjiyan, Ojo Olatidebe, Adewale Odunayo, Saheed Ramon, Oladele Idowu and Ajinbosin Gbeminiyi. In his arguments, the prosecuting counsel, Saheed Yinusa, prayed the court to remand the accused at the Oba correctional facility. Yinusa said there was an application before the court dated 24th of March, 2022 and filed on the same day. Quoting section 306 of the administration of Criminal Justice Law of Ogun State, the prosecutor pleaded that the suspects be remanded for 60 days pending legal advice from the Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP). Granting the request of the prosecuting counsel, Magistrate O. F. Adeduntan ordered that the accused be remanded in Oba correctional facility, while adjourning the matter to June 17, 2022. The suspects and others said to be at large have been charged with three counts bothering on murder, conspiracy to commit a felony; offences the prosecutor said were punishable under section 319 of the Criminal Code Law of Ogun State of Nigeria 2006. “The accused did murder one Oba Olajide Ayinde Odetola, the Alagodo of Agodo town and thereby committed an offence contrary to section 316 and punishable under section 319 of the Criminal Code Law of Ogun State of Nigeria 2006. “The accused also allegedly did set ablaze the corpse of Oba Olajide Ayinde Odetola together with his Toyota Sienna car with Reg No. APP 55 GF and thereby committed an offence contrary to section 443 of the Criminal Code Law of Ogun State of Nigeria 2006,” the charge sheet partly read.