Ahead of Saturday’s national convention of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), screening of chairmanship aspirants and other national officers began on Tuesday. However, DAILY POST findings on Wednesday revealed that the former Governor of Nasarawa State and the National Chairmanship aspirant, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, missed the screening. With the development, he may have been technically disqualified from participating in Saturday’s contest, given that the earlier statement by the party asserted that all aspiring Chairmen should make themselves available for screening on Tuesday. The Secretary of the APC National Convention Screening Committee, Emmanuel Otagburuagu, had in a statement on Monday in Abuja, said the aspirants would be screened in two batches at the Katsina State Governor’s Lodge, Asokoro, Abuja. The National Convention Screening Sub-Committee
clearly invited all Chairmanship aspirants who have purchased nomination forms. It read: “Gov. Aminu Masari, Chairman, Dimeji Bankole, Co-Chairman of the APC 2022 National Convention Screening Committee, hereby invite all the aspirants to the screening exercise. “The schedule for the screening is as follows: “1. Tuesday, March 22, 2022: Screening of National Chairman and other National Working Committee (NWC) aspirants, while time will be communicated to aspirants later. “Venue: Katsina State Governor’s Lodge, Asokoro, Abuja. “2. Wednesday, March, 23, 2022: Screening of aspirants into the Zonal offices. Time: 10a.m “Venue: Katsina State Governor’s Lodge, Asokoro, Abuja. “The new national executives are expected to be elected at the APC National Convention on Saturday, March 26 to manage its affairs, which is presently being managed by the Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC).” Among the national chairmanship aspirants to be screened by the committee are two former Nasarawa State governors and serving senators Tanko Al-Makura and Abdullahi Adamu. Also to be screened are a former governor of Benue State and Minister of Special Duties, George Akume; Niger East senator, Mohammed Sani Musa; a former Deputy National Chairman of the defunct Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), Saliu Mustapha and 37-year-old Mohammed Etsu. Every other aspirants were at the venue for screening except Senator Abdullahi Adamu.