The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Iyorchia Ayu, has charged party members on peace and unity. He noted that “if the party members unify themselves, they will win the 2023 elections.” Ayu gave the advice while addressing a joint meeting of the board of trustees (BoT) and the national executive committee (NEC) of the party on Wednesday, at the PDP headquarters in Abuja. DAILY POST reports that Nyesom Wike, Rivers State Governor, and his Edo State counterpart, Godwin Obaseki are engaged in war of words over party structure. The PDP National Chairman, who described Ekiti and Osun governorship elections as a must-win, said “if we put aside our differences and make sure that we work as a team to win those elections.” According to him, “These elections are important for several reasons. First of all, they will give confidence back to our members. Secondly, it will signal to Nigerians that the PDP is determined to take power in 2023.” He stated that “It is important we unify the party. If we unify the party, we will win the election at the state chapter. If we win elections in the state chapters collectively, we will be able to put those votes together and win the presidential election.” Ayu added that their interest is not just to win the presidential election but to increase its membership in the various Houses of Assembly in the state and the number of governors in the country and take control of the National Assembly. He assured if elected in 2023, PDP will reunite the country, rebuild and restore the dignity of Nigeria. Ayu charged members of the party not to lose focus of where they are coming from, saying, “Nigerians believe that only this party will come to power and restore the glory of Nigeria”. In a subtle reference to the verbal war between Wike and Obaseki, Ayu called on every member of the party to forget their differences. He cautioned that “No party members should attack another party member. If there is an issue we have different organs of the party to resolve different issues. We will work tirelessly. We are talking to individual members who have differences among themselves, whether in the wards, local government, state or national level because such distraction must not be allowed to continue”. DAILYPOST exclusively gathered that the Benue state governor, Samuel Ortom is spearheading the process to reconcile Governors Obaseki and Wike. A credible source told DAILYPOST that Ortom brokered a meeting between the two governors on Tuesday in Abuja.