Do you trade FOREX?
Do you get loses as a result of emotions while trading?
Would you like to see better results up to 97% win accuracy? What if you know nothing about forex but interested in making money. Then search no further. Intelligence Prime Capital provides you with a BOT that has up to 97%-win ratio. What is Intelligence Prime Capital
Intelligence Prime Capital is a Fintech Company legally incorporated in Canada with Business Corporations Act Reg No: 1307196-1
It is also regulated by USA financial Crime Enforcement Network (FinCEN) and MSB USA. (All can be verified)
Intelligence Prime Capita was awarded Best New Broker of the year 2021/2022 by Forex Expo Africa EXPOSHOW International. They also hold a digital asset management license. In 2021, IPCAPITAL officially launch their global financial products and digital asset trading platform, providing global users with a one-stop diversified financial service platform. Intelligence prime capital provides opportunity for everyone to earn from daily trades without no special skills. You sleep and wake up to see dollars on your MT4. After 5 years of research and development, Intelligence Prime Capital team have developed 3 AI Bots that trades the financial market; · The Smart Bot · The Brilliant Bot and · The Genius Bot. The Genius Bot which gives the best returns trading the Financial Market. It delivers averagely 1 -2% daily on investment. It’s too good to be true right? Yes, but it is true because instead of one using his hand to select trade at any time, a robot (bot) would fulfill the work for you at the best time to generate profit. The bot knows the best time to execute trade, that time might be when one is deep asleep, which is inconvenient for someone but bot makes life easy for us. With the Artificial Intelligence IP capital, you be averaging about 5% return on investment (ROI) weekly. Monday to Fridays. Intelligence prime capital is a one stop option for you to maximize your earnings while losing no sleep at all. After several months of testing, the AIA BOT System has achieved an average win rate of 97% What do you gain from using IPC (Broker) · IPC has a reliable bot that makes profit for you · You avoid losing your hard-earned money trading by yourselves · It saves you the stress of always checking your trade · You set feasible financial goals for the year. · They are transparent, customer support including live chat support for you · You withdraw your money without hassle Influential and famous people are already there on IPC, some are even doing live videos on Facebook so as to encourage us to utilize this great opportunity. The only way you can say no to this great opportunity is if you are not ready to make money. How Do I Start Trading Forex on Intelligence Prime Capital? 1. Click here to register 2. Follow the link to create an account and subscribe to the Bot 3. Fund your MT4 account. If you don’t have an mt4 app download the app. 4. After registration, contact our team on WhatsApp to join the community of forex traders so that you would learn how to manage your finance. 5. The flexibility of taking out your investment whenever you want as you control your MT4 trading account. Sign up now with the link below to start earning dollars from forex. http://member.iprimecapital.com:80/Account/ChooseSignUp?referrerNumber=IB411482&referrerLinkType=1 Contact https://wa.link/93xf9p Call/Whatsapp 08137692988 Odunlade Ifeoluwa
Advert Executive :+2348060590739, odunlade.ifeoluwa@dailypost.ng