Rasheed Hamed, also known as Rasheed Okoilu, a suspected cultist, who is on the wanted list of the Nigeria Police, Osun Command has lashed out at the police. He threatened to unleash mayhem in his native Ede town if the command and members of the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) did not desist from hunting him down. Rasheed in a recorded audio message from his hideout and made available to journalists in Osogbo on Thursday, disclosed that his problem started when he decided not to join the OPC. While calling on Ede elders to intervene in order to avert a revenge mission on his part, Okoilu alleged that the OPC members that invited him were criminals. He also accused the Timi of Ede, Oba Munirudeen Adesola Lawal of using them to hunt him. He said one Doki Oodua of OPC and Oriade had invited him and his boys to join OPC, but he declined because of the advice from those that were already members of the group, who told him that those that invited him were armed robbers. While reiterating that he is a thug who earned money on the street, he absolved himself of any crime, but disclosed that his refusal to join their gang led to the shooting of his mother, elder brother and his younger brother. In his words,”I am a thug and I was earning money on the street. I don’t steal. I am not a thief. I am an artisan. I am a welder. They wanted me and my boys to join them in OPC. But then, I have people I regarded as mothers and elderly ones that were OPC members. Those people told me that those that invited me to OPC were thieves, especially Doki. “In my presence, one of those that invited me to OPC went to steal an iron rod and he killed someone at the scene about 5 years ago in Ede here. “Despite their antecedents, some elders in the community still indulged and continued to associate with them. I rejected the invitation to join OPC. That made them attack my base. They came in the early hours of February 2, 2020, but we dealt with them. Those that came were OPC members. Because they suffered heavy casualties, they had to join forces with a member of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad from Osun police Command. “The Timi of Ede ordered us not to be involved in violence again and we all abided by the order. But after all that, the OPC men still attacked me on December 4, 2021, and two of my younger brothers were killed right in front of a police station. And one other that ran into the police station was traced into the station and he was killed in the presence of the policemen. “Few of the elders that spoke to me only pleaded but no action was taken to punish the perpetrators. I listened to the pleading and I mourned the dead. I bought gifts, made stickers campaigning for peace in Ede land. I funded street light projects in our area, I distributed food items to all the mosques in our area. After all the efforts, these OPC men still attacked and killed my elder brother at Owode, Ede. Apart from the deceased, named Kehinde, my younger brother was shot in the stomach and I was also shot several times and they went away with my vehicle. “After that, Doki Wakili, Oriade and Jagunlabi killed my mother. She was killed on Tuesday, 22nd February 2022. I hereby appeal to all indigenes, Osun State Government, Federal Government to intervene. All royal fathers in Osun should also intervene. “Some OPC men also came to Isale Osun on March 9. They carted away people’s property in five buses. No one could do anything about it. I am using this medium to tell all Ede residents that I am coming and when I return, the effect will be felt by many people. Those not involved in the crises will pay for it. Before now, people used to see me and greet me. But when I return, if you see me, you see death. I see you, you die, you see me, you die,” Rasidi threatened. Rasheed, a welder by vocation has recently been linked with the killing of Hassan Adedeji, a Prospective National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) member and Higher National Diploma (HND) Banking and Finance graduate of the Federal Polytechnic, Ede, who was gunned down alongside a yet to be identified commercial motorcyclist. Fingers have also been pointed at him for the deadly clashes with the OPC men at different times in the town, which had resulted in death of many residents. Meanwhile, the Osun State Police Command had declared Rasheed Okoilu wanted for the crimes of murder, arson, ritual killing and armed robbery. In a statement obtained by DAILY POST, Yemisi Opalola, the Osun Police Command spokesperson stated that Okoilu has been causing menace in Ede and the entire State, adding that anybody that harbours the suspect would be treated by the police as his accomplice.