Allies of Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni and the National Secretary of the party, Sen. John Akpanudoedehe have gained control of the national secretariat of All Progressives Congress (APC). The ruling party has been embroiled in a leadership crisis which almost led to the removal of Buni as the Chairman and Secretary of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the party. Buni travelled out of the country to the United Arab Emirates for medical reasons when some APC governors moved against him. The political storm nearly claimed Akpanudoedehe who is the secretary of the party. However, Buni’s men gained control of the party on Tuesday after they had been shut out for more than a week. The Personal Assistant to Yobe governor, Mr. Muritala Yakubu gained access to the national secretariat on Tuesday. The secretary, Akpanudoedehe also arrived at the national Secretariat of the party around 12:05pm. Addressing journalists at the national secretariat of the party in Abuja, Akpanudoedehe said the party is now free from crisis. He revealed that the party has engaged a team of senior lawyers to address a purported court order halting the planned APC National Convention. The ruling party called on the Judiciary to give the matter expedited attention in a bid to vacate the purported court order and allow the conduct of a transparent and rancour-free National Convention. Akpanudoedehe restated the absolute loyalty of the CECPC to the APC and the leadership of the party led by President Muhammadu Buhari. He also reassured members and citizens that the ruling party was stronger than ever before and poised to extend her winning streak to 2023 and beyond. His words: “The Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) under the Chairmanship of His Excellency, Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State, makes this Press Release to clarify the events of last week and reassured the membership and stakeholders of the Party, as well as the Nigerian people in general, that the Governing Party is crisis-free, strong and remains united in giving the country the transformative leadership and good governance which she promised them.” He added that on the 28th day of February 2022 the Buni took a long-delayed trip abroad on health grounds, leaving behind written authorisation for other members of the CECPC to continue work in his absence, particularly the day to day management of the APC. Akpanudoedehe said: “That in his absence, sundry activities earlier scheduled for action appeared to develop fresh urgency in order to satisfy the timetable for the 2023 general election released by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), thus galvanising some within the CECPC to act in their best understanding of both the situation and the leadership dynamics in the Committee/Party. “That all such actions were clearly identified at all times as happening in an acting or proxy capacity, and under the auspices of the substantive Chairman, His Excellency, Governor Mai Mala Buni, contrary to widespread speculations that the Chairman, Secretary or some other officials of the CECPC have been removed from Office or otherwise replaced.” “We shall continue to execute such assignments as are legal pending the return of the Chairman who is on his way back to the country and shall resume Office on arrival with the full support of all members and other stakeholders. “We are grateful to INEC for her firm guidance in the entire circumstances.” The secretary assured that the delivery of a seamless National Convention of APC scheduled to hold on March 26, 2022, was a top priority for the caretaker committee. Akpanudoedehe said the CECPC has always done its best to steer the affairs of the APC in line with the mandate invested in her at the inauguration by the National Executive Council (NEC) of APC since it was inaugurated.