Ekiti State Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, has attributed the victory recorded by the All Progressives Congress (APC) in last weekend’s bye-elections to its popularity and acceptability by Nigerians. Otunba Egbeyemi said the APC government in Ekiti State led by Governor Kayode Fayemi will be remembered for quality policies and legacy projects that have added value to the lives of people in the state. A statement by his Special Assistant (Media), Odunayo Ogunmola, the Deputy Governor who spoke on a live Yoruba public accountability programme, SE E TI GBO, aired on six radio stations in the state on Tuesday said Fayemi has entrenched good governance in almost four years in office. Responding to a question on APC’s chances in the 2022 governorship election in Ekiti and 2023 general elections, Otunba Egbeyemi expressed confidence that the party will continue to dominate the political space because it is still loved by Nigerians. The Deputy Governor said the result of four bye-elections conducted to fill vacant federal and state legislative seats with three of them going in favour of the APC was an indication that the party will sweep to victory in the forthcoming polls. Egbeyemi explained that the fact that the APC is receiving new members from opposition parties on daily basis has further strengthened the party to consolidate its hold on power in Ekiti and Nigeria. He said: “The chances of our party are very bright in the coming elections. You can see from four bye-elections held at the weekend, APC won three and lost only one. This is proof that the APC is still the most popular party in Nigeria. “Also, people are coming into our party from other parties every day. They are identifying with the APC on daily basis because of their belief that the party is the strongest election-winning platform. Otunba Egbeyemi disclosed that the administration wants peace to reign in communities in the state to facilitate development hence its involvement in conflict resolution among Obas and chiefs and among communities. He explained that the administration will continue to ensure adherence to the rule of law on the installation of monarchs, the appointment of chiefs and prevention of acts that could plunge communities into crisis.