A group within the All Progressives Congress has expressed dismay over Governor Nasir El-Rufai’s claims about Governor Mai Mala Buni, the chairman, Caretaker/Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee, insisting the claims are false. The group, the All Progressives Congress Integrity Group (APCIG), tasked El-Rufai to leave Buni alone, warning that he was orchestrating a well-thought plot to sabotage Governor Buni’s efforts for his vice-presidential ambition. The Secretary-General of APCIG, Adams Abel described El-Rufai as a dictator who was all about his selfish interest, saying that he can go to any length to accomplish his mission. He blasted El-Rufai’s claims that President Buhari and 19 out of 23 APC Governors are in support of Governor Abubakar Sani Bello to boot out Buni and the CEPCC scribe. The group also rubbished El-Rufai’s statement that Buni had been removed from his office as the chairman, Caretaker/Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee. He said, “Governor El-Rufai should be sufficiently schooled to accept that the APC is not Kaduna State that he governs by fiat. APC has organs that have layers of responsibility and at no time was the power to hire and fire a caretaker chairman outsourced to El-Rufai.” The APC group claimed it was not true that the governor’s assertion, that his Yobe State counterpart declined to swear in state executives. He alleged that El-Rufai’s claims that Governors and the President directed Buni to swear in state executives elected months ago and that he never followed the order; that the Progressive Governors’ Forum (PGF) asked him to brief them, but he did not were false. The group said El-Rufai should have explained how Buni is supposed to swear in state excos when as many as 14 state chapters were bogged down by court cases that resulted from the kind of autocratic tendencies of the PGF. They added that it also showed an absolute disregard for the other arms of government since the Kaduna State Governor was practically expecting his Yobe State counterpart to disregard extant court orders that forbade the swearing-in of some of the state excos he was referring to. According to him, ”Gov. El-Rufai also forgot that PGF is not known to law, it is at best a cartel, a criminal one for that matter, and is in no way superior to APC stakeholders, whose wishes Buni rather implemented over that of the vicious minority that the governors are”. Adams Abel on behalf of the group expressed surprise that El-Rufai was denying knowledge of a lawsuit he instigated and financed against Buni when the CECPC chairman was insisting on due process in the scheduling of the convention. The group challenged El-Rufai to, in concrete terms, prove that the APC governors are opposed to Gov. Buni as chairman of CECPC.