Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A Professor at the Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, Edo State, M. A. Izibili, has been kidnapped at Ubiaja, Esan South East Local Government of the State. The Professor, alongside five others, were kidnapped along Ubiaja-Ewatto road. 2. Uzaifa Modach, one of the Nigerians evacuated from war-torn Ukraine, is dead. The deceased, who was a final year student of Zaporozhye State Medical University, Ukraine, was evacuated from Europe two weeks ago. 3. Justice Taiwo Taiwo of a Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday sacked 20 lawmakers of the Cross River State House of Assembly who defected from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to the All Progressives Congress, APC. 4. As fuel scarcity rages in Abuja and other areas, the Ijegun-Egba Tankfarm Owners and Operators’ Association in Lagos State has promised to deliver 40 trucks of petrol daily to the Federal capital Territory (FCT) from Monday. The association said it is ready to give out 40 trucks from its 106 million litres in stock. 5. Founding National Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Chekwas Okorie, has identified a major threat to the pursuit of Igbo presidency in 2023. Okorie said the presidential ambitions of Bola Tinubu and Atiku Abubakar possess threats to the Igbos’ 2023 presidency. 6. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has reacted to a video showing former Anambra Governor Willie Obiano in custody. Obiano was arrested last Thursday after handing over to his successor Governor Charles Soludo in Awka. The commission said the officer involved would be punished. 7.The number of Super Eagles players in camp as of Monday night had swelled to 12 after six more players arrived. The players are camping at the Wells Carlton Hotel, Asokoro, Abuja, ahead of their two-legged FIFA World Cup play-off encounter with arch-rivals, Ghana. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, summoned Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and the Minister of Power, Abubakar Aliyu, as well as his Chief Economic Adviser, Prof Doyin Salami, to a meeting at the Presidential Villa on Monday afternoon. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media & Publicity, Garba Shehu made this known in a statement. 9. Rampaging bandits have killed no fewer than 43 persons in Southern Kaduna, Kaduna and Zamfara States. While 23 persons were killed in Jema’a and Kaura Local Government Areas, LGAs, of Southern Kaduna on Sunday night, with several others injured, 20 others were killed in Ganar-Kiyawa village of Adabka District, Bukkuyum Local Government Area of Zamfara State, on Sunday morning. 10. Governor of Sokoto State and a presidential aspirant under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Aminu Waziri Tambuwal has said that come 2023, the PDP must rescue Nigeria from imminent collapse. He spoke alongside former Governor Bafarawa of Sokoto State and other party chieftains from the Northwest.