A group of the All Progressives Congress (APC), APC Muslim Integrity Forum (APCMIF), has condemned in strong terms the endorsement of former governor of Nasarawa State, Abdullahi Adamu, as the next national chairman of the ruling party. Adamu is alleged to have reportedly secured President Buhari’s endorsement ahead of the APC national convention that has generated reactions in many quarters. Briefing newsmen in Abuja on Tuesday, the forum’s national coordinator, Abubakar Yusuf, while reacting to the development, appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari and other party leaders to critically examine the person of Adamu and his past activities, his integrity and commitment, age and physical fitness and his role as the arrowhead of former President Olusegun Obasanjo’s third agenda. Yusuf noted that APC as a party whose ideology is based on anti-corruption, integrity and good governance, cannot afford to present Adamu as the party’s national chairman, saying that it will be used against it during the electioneering campaign. According to him, “They will laugh at us and rubbish the integrity of our party.” The forum believed that a man (Senator Abdullahi Adamu) who does not believe in democratic principles cannot be a good party administrator especially a crisis-ridden party like APC in an election year. The forum called on President Muhammadu Buhari and all leaders of the party to withdraw the purported endorsement of Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, considering what it called “his badly damaged records”, his age and the requirements of the office of the National Chairman with the view of replacing him if at all such alleged endorsement exists. The group is of the opinion that Adamu is not the only Muslim chairmanship aspirant from the North-Central and called on the party leaders to consider other aspirants like Sen. Umar Tanko Al-Makura, Sen. Sani Musa, Saliu Mustapha, among others. The forum noted that Sen. Adamu lacks the physical energy and charisma to move around the country and seat for long hours as it is required of a National Chairman of a governing party in a country like Nigeria.