The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Sunday, urged the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to issue certificate of return to its nominated candidates for the position of Governor and Deputy in Ebonyi State, without further delay. DAILY POST had reported that a Federal High Court in Abuja, last week ordered Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State to vacate his seat for defecting to the All Progressives Congress, APC. The PDP immediately complied with the judgement by submitting fresh names to the INEC as Governor and Deputy. The party nominated Hon Iduma Enwo Igariwey as a replacement for Governor Umahi and Fred Udeogu as replacement of the deputy governor. Addressing a press conference in Enugu, the Chairman of the PDP in Ebonyi State, Hon. Tochukwu Okorie called on the INEC to immediately issue certificate of return to the two nominees. Okorie, who described Umahi as a former Governor, accused him of plotting a massive clampdown on members of the opposition PDP in the State. The PDP Chairman said “by the operation of the law, Governor Umahi, his deputy and the 16 lawmakers, effectively resigned their positions perhaps in pursuit of loftier political objectives.” “The battle to rescue the state from tyranny and oppression has only just begun and we must all brace up to confront the evil and narcissistic elements in the land headlong,” he stated. While condemning Governor Umahi’s reaction to the judgment, Okorie said the people of Ebonyi “have long moved on and can no longer be taken on board his deceptive rollercoaster. “For the avoidance of doubt, the National Leadership of our great party has long complied with the ruling of the court by submitting Rt Hon Enwo Iduma Ighariwey and Chief Fred Udogu to the Independent National Electoral Commission as replacement for Umahi and his deputy. We have also ensured that the judgement and other records of the court were transmitted to the Commission too. “What is standing, therefore, between the inauguration of the new administration of their Excellencies the Governor and Deputy Governor designate at the moment is INEC to issue them with their Certificates of Return in compliance with the ruling of the court. We urge the Commission to act expeditiously in this regard. “We urge NdiEbonyi to remain calm even in the face of continued brazen provocation and continue to discountenance the chicanery of these lawless crew. They will soon be history. NdiEbonyi should note that Ex-governor Umahi has neither been granted any stay of execution of the declaratory orders of the court nor has he successfully appealed the judgement. “All he has done is to apply for stay of execution and file a notice of appeal; neither of which can act as a stay of execution. Similarly, the different court papers emanating from some state high courts cannot and do not confer any imprimatur of a stay of execution.” He alerted the people of Ebonyi “and all security agencies of the commencement of a long-planned plot of physically eliminating leaders and known opposition voices of Ebonyi PDP.” He said, “last night, in what appears to be the commencement of that evil plot, the residence of Comrade Abia Onyike, was attacked, leaving marks of horror. “This happened within a day of his appearance in a live television programme to criticize the disgraceful conduct of Umahi in attacking the judiciary. We do not know who is next. The lives of our leaders are now in the hands of Umahi who should be held responsible should anything untoward happen to any of them, since we are not about to abandon the task at hand.”