The embattled Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi, on Thursday, denied threatening to support Biafra agitation if President Muhammadu Buhari allows his removal from office. Reports had it that Umahi threatened to support Biafra agitation if Buhari allowed the enforcement of a Federal High Court ruling that sacked him and his deputy, Kelechi Igwe. Umahi was also said to have been prevented from entering the Ebonyi State Government House by the Nigerian Army on Wednesday. However, Umahi said Buhari would not interfere with the process of the Judiciary. Umahi spoke through his Special Assistant, Francis Nwaze, on Thursday. He said the ruling of the Court had been vacated through an exparte order, adding that he has appealed the judgment at Courts of Appeal in Enugu and Abuja. He said: “With this, all issues of the sack of the Governor and his Deputy have been laid to rest at least until the motion on notice is exhaustively determined, which means that there couldn’t have been any basis for the faceless poster to allege that the Army stopped His Excellency from entering the Government House if not for mischief-making. “It is also worthy of mention that His Excellency the Governor at no time threatened to support Biafra agitations if Mr President allows the Court to remove him and wouldn’t have done that knowing that due to separation of powers, the President cannot decide for the Judiciary which is a full-fledged arm of Government on its own. “While it is obvious that all these are simply invented to distract the Governor from delivering good governance to the people, it is pertinent to underscore that His Excellency is too focused on his transformation agenda to be distracted by disgruntled elements. “Given the foregoing, we, therefore, urge the citizens of Ebonyi State and supporters of His Excellency across Nigeria and beyond to disregard the fake news and go about their lawful businesses bearing in mind that by the grace of God their Excellencies would consolidate on their mandate in the Appellate courts.”