The Osun State Government and camp of the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola is at loggerhead again for the first time in the public after the All Progressives Congress gubernatorial primary in the state. Wole Bolorunduro, who was the Finance Commissioner under Aregbesola when he was the governor of Osun State in a piece titled, ‘Don’t go that route again: An admonition to Governor Oyetola’, accused Oyetola’s administration of releasing jaundiced figures of loan repayment through some of its social media spinners in a bid to stain Aregbesola. Speaking on Aregbesola’s facility and repayment, Bolorunduro said the loan deduction on the first bond of N30bn was N640m monthly, adding that it ceased since July 2019. He said, “So, Governor Oyetola must have borne the burden for only nine months. I expect total repayment on this to be about N6bn, the loan deduction on the second bond (N11.4bn) was about N320m monthly and it has stopped since March 2020, so Governor Oyetola couldn’t have borne it for more than 17 months. So I expect the total to be about N5bn. “Monthly deduction on external loan when I was in the office was N100m, however, If I use N160m monthly, the total loan deduction for 33 months will be about N500m. The FGN restructured bond for the state’s loan has a monthly loan deduction of N1.14bn monthly.” Meanwhile, in its response, the Osun State Government says it will not be distracted by the mischief and lies of the former commissioner. The current Commissioner for Finance, Bola Oyebamiji stated this through a statement in response to an earlier publication by the former Commissioner. The Commissioner said it is unfortunate that Bolorunduro has decided to engage in a self-destructive drama of verbal war – the hallmark of the splinter group in the All Progressives Congress (APC) to which Bolorunduro belongs. “To the unsubstantiated lies presented by Bolorunduro with regards to the loan repayment figures of the State laced with an attempt to emotively pitch the current government against the last government, to the effect that projects initiated by the last government have been abandoned and the untidy accusation of a cover-up of the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) and Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) figures, below are my responses: “Our last Net Statutory Revenue Allocation from the FAAC which unsettled many indigenes of Osun and sympathizers, expectedly so, stood at -379,914,981.09 (excluding VAT) after the direct monthly deductions of =N=1.8billion were made. I challenge Bolorunduro to controvert this figure with verifiable evidence, if he has any, within the next 72 hours.” The current commissioner noted that Oyetola has not approached any financial entity for any facility since 2018 till date. “The Governor, right from November 2018, has sustained his focus on priority spending; critical expenditures of the government are being funded based on available resources.”