A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress and Special Assistant to Imo State Governor on Print Media, Mr. Modestus Nwamkpa, has accused the spokesman of Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP), Ikenga Ugochinyere Imo of using opposition group to unleash falsehood against the Governor and the Government of the state. The accusation is coming against the backdrops of the recent call by Imo Ugochinyere for an outright cancellation of the just concluded bye-election conducted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for Ngor Okpala State constituency seat of Imo House of Assembly, wherein the All Progressives Congress (APC) was declared the winner of the exercise. Okanni had polled 9,248 votes to defeat his closest rival, Mr Emeka Nwachukwu of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who scored 7,161 votes. The INEC Returning Officer for the election, Prof Dennis Akoh, announced the results last Sunday. Reacting to the outburst of CUPP’s spokesman, in a statement issued to DAILY POST on Friday, Nwamkpa accused Ugochinyere of wanting to use the bye-election to give a wrong political estimation of himself and as well as give an impression in Abuja that he delivered the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate and at the end. He said, “Ugochinyere called for the cancellation of the Ngor Okpala election APC won resoundingly. It is instructive to note, however, that this same Ugochinyere was among members of Imo PDP that went to Ngor Okpala to deliver their party candidate but failed. “For some time now, apparently in an effort to play smart or endear himself in the hearts of the owners of Imo PDP over his rumoured Ideato nation House of Representatives ambition, Ikenga Ugochinyere Imo has invaded Imo State with his phantom organization called Conference of United Political Parties (CUPP), a seeming body or conglomeration of all opposition political parties which he has been using to brandish and unleash falsehood against the State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodinma and the Imo State Government. He has so much insulted the Governor that one will begin to wonder whether he is well at all. “For clarity’s sake, this so-called CUPP exists only in the briefcase of Ugochinyere Imo. He is CUPP and CUPP is him. No more, no less. He uses this amorphous Organization to issue press releases in Abuja abusing the federal and state governments on national television at the slightest opportunity. Perhaps, unknown to many people, after each outing, using CUPP and facing Camera, he will smile to the banks. That is what he has been doing with CUPP for years. If you notice, like the one he issued about the Ngor Okpala election, he was the sole signatory in all his releases using CUPP. I challenge him to mention members of other opposition parties like APGA, ADC etc, that are members and officers of CUPP. “Calling Governor Uzodinma names will not help his very weak 2023 political ambition. I know that by the time PDP gives him their usual treatment, he will know that he is in for his greatest political shock since he thinks that politics is all about making empty noise”, Nwamkpa also added. The APC Stalwart further stated, “with the way Ugochinyere Imo is grandstanding, it shows he is an amature in politics. He thinks politics is all about rabble rousing or wearing red cap and making noise on national television. He has a bigger problem facing him in his party PDP and also the biggest problem of getting the people of Ideato North and South to accept his ambition than abusing Governor Uzodinma and calling for the cancellation of an already won and decided election. After all, Imo State was not the only state in Nigeria where bye election was conducted last Saturday”.