Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba has reiterated the commitment of the Force to sustain the fight against illegal bunkering, pipeline vandalism, economic saboteurs, and other criminal elements. On Wednesday, the security agency announced the recent achievements of the IGP’s Special Task Force on Petroleum/Illegal Bunkering (IGP-STFPIB). The unit impounded 41 trucks, 13 other vehicles and arrested 42 suspects; 21 of them have been charged to court. Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Olumuyiwa Adejobi said 17 are still under investigation while 4 convictions have been secured in court. The police are seeking final forfeiture of 14 Tankers and 4 cars to the Federal Government of Nigeria; 6 cases are pending in various Federal High Court branches. “1,057,000 litres of Automotive Gas Oil (AGO), 30,000 litres of Low Pour Furl Oil (LPFO), 75,000 litres of Crude oil, and 9,900 litres of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) were recovered between 2021 till date”, Adejobi noted. The spokesman said the successes were achieved in Rivers State and some other parts of the country. Suspects paraded in Port-Harcourt include 31-year-old Rabiu Halidu from Katsina; 30-year-old Michael Okoro from Rivers; 50-year-old Arinze Eze from Enugu; 22-year-old Lukman Musa from Kogi; 18-year-old Sefiu Ibrahim from Kano; 25-year-old Nura Isiaku from Kaduna State.  The trio of Lukman, Sefiu, and Nura had hidden drums of crude oil in a truck stacked with sacks of fertilizer. Commander IGP-STFPIB, DCP Usman Jubrin Kanfani reported that the forfeited products were tested and confirmed by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), and approved by private laboratories. The forfeited vehicles are in the custody of the Nigerian Pipelines and Storage Company (NPSC) Ltd., while motions for the forfeiture of the rest are still pending in different Courts. IGP Baba commended Kanfani and his team for their diligence and assured of increased surveillance to curb the incessant activities of illegal bunker traders and economic saboteurs.