A senior lecturer at the Benue State University, Dr John Ogi has written to the state Governor, Samuel Ortom over renewed attacks in some communities by suspected Fulani herdsmen. In a letter dated March 30, sighted by DAILY POST, Ogi lamented the level of insecurity bedeviling the state in recent times, saying people no longer sleep with the hope of waking up. He said, “Your Excellency, I totally sympathize with you and millions of Nigerians over the loss of lives at Kaduna -Abuja expressway, I pray for God to intervene and save the lives of the victims that are still living. “I decided to pen this down due to reports from our own people here in Benue, the incessant killings have lingered and still lingering without a stop or culprits being apprehended. How can people go to sleep without full assurance of waking up the next day, how do people lose all they have worked for in a split of seconds due to herders invading their communities. According to him, one of his colleagues at the faculty of social science in the university had written to them over killings in his area. “Good morning my dear Faculty members, it’s been a while. Just to let members know that my village and the surrounding communities are completely destroyed by terrorists. “My place is in Moon Valley, Mbaikyor Council Ward, in Kwande Local Government Area. Prof Ngutsave and others who attended my late father’s burial years back know the environment. “This time, precisely on Monday, 21/3/2022, the terrorists came using very heavy and sophisticated machine guns, burning houses, churches, schools, infact, everything that appears valuable. They are also killing people who could not escape fast enough. “As of yesterday evening (29/3/2022), they were close to the settlement at the border with Cameron, popularly called ‘Joint Water’. The boys that have been repelling their advances in the past years couldn’t withstand the weapons being used now. “The communities (Ityuluv -my community, Injoov, Ugbe & Iyon) in Moon Valley are completely destroyed. The surviving people are dispersed to different places, he said. John Ogi urged the governor to investigate the activities of the Livestock Guards, alleging that their sharp practices are factors to be considered. “I am an indigenous herdsman and I ranch my animals at a very high cost which is painful but for the sake of other peoples farming activities I have to take the pains because I cannot do my private business at the expense of the business of others. “Your Excellency Sir, it will also be good that the way you have established the Livestock Guard, you also strengthen security defense for farmers else you are putting them in extreme danger.”