The outgoing Catholic Bishop of Umuahia Diocese, Most Reverend Lucius Ugorji has expressed joy and profound appreciation to His Holiness, Pope Francis and the entire Catholic faithful on his elevation and appointment as the Archbishop of Owerri Diocese in Imo State and Metropolitan Ecclesiastical Province. He also appreciated the cooperation, support and confidence reposed in him. Archbishop Ugorji stated this at the Mater Dei Catholic Cathedral in Umuahia, the Abia State capital, on Friday. The respected Catholic priest, who was also newly elected as President of the Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria (CBCN), attributed it to God’s grace and mercy. Ugorji further pointed out that he has spent most of his pastoral life in Umuahia and prayed God to empower him to do greater work in Owerri Diocese. DAILY POST had reported that Pope Francis appointed the former Catholic Bishop of Umuahia and Apostolic Administrator of Ahiara Diocese, Most Rev. Fr. (Dr.) Lucius Ugorji, to replace the outgoing Catholic Bishop of Owerri, Anthony l Obinna. Archbishop Antonio Filipazzi, Apostolic Nuncio (Representative of the Pope in Nigeria) made this announcement during the ongoing First Plenary meeting of the Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria in Abuja. Meanwhile, the Deputy Governor of Abia State, Rt. Hon Ude Oko Chukwu, in a statement on Friday, extolled the qualities of the foremost and respected Catholic priest, Most Reverend Lucius Ugorji in propagating the gospel of Christ. The Deputy Governor described his elevation as a reward for hard work and commitment to duty. He further noted that Ugorji had demonstrated what it means to work in the vine yard of God by reaching out and propagating the gospel of Christ. He further noted that Ugorji will be greatly missed in Umuahia and the State as a whole, praying the Almighty God to guide and empower the revered priest to continue to work greatly for humanity in the new assignment bestowed on him by Pope Francis. On his part, Professor Chris Chinaka, the Chairman, Catholic Pastoral Council, while reacting to the new appointment, in a statement, described Archbishop Ugorji as an open-minded and liberal ecumenist who committed his life solely to the service of God.