An agriculturist, Mr. Nuel Chinedu has urged the Federal and the State Governments, as well as individuals, to commence an aggressive investment in the agricultural sector. Chinedu’s advice is coming as the country battles food crisis and worsening challenges in the power sector, with many investors already out of the country. In a media briefing in Enugu, Chinedu, who is the Chairman/Group Managing Director, Eastern House Development Ltd., said only agriculture would pull the country out of its present woes. “Agricultural development is essential to any nation’s economic wellbeing. There must be intensified effort towards ending poverty and ensuring food security, as well as feeding increasing population figures within urban and rural communities,” he said. He advised that efforts should move from construction of houses to farm estates, where available land should be used for agricultural purposes in commercial quantities. DAILY POST reports that the Federal Government had last year muted the idea of establishing farm estates in the 109 Senatorial zones of the country. However, over one year, Nigerians are yet to see the realization of the project. Speaking on the development, Chinedu said he was already leading efforts to take the country away from building houses to “providing real estate products solely built for agricultural use.” While calling for a collaboration from Enugu State Government, other States, as well as individuals and organizations, he noted that “increased investor interest suggests that there could be real potential in larger scale commercial investments in the continent. “The key question is what type of investments do private developers/investors need to significantly grow African agricultural development? “It means the development of ultramodern farmlands and farm settlements, poultries, fish farms, cattle ranches, and other agricultural facilities for rearing animals and cultivation of crops in commercial quantities. “As in the traditional real estate sector, agricultural real estate will provide homes for rearing animals in a gated distant estate to improve the nation’s agricultural output and boost food security. “With widening food insecurity and climate change fatalities on agricultural production, we believe that there is a need to construct extensive farm estates across States, hence the need for creating disruptive real estate style in Nigeria. “We, thereby, make a strong case for mass agricultural farm estate construction and seek partners in this regard,” he further stated.