Residents of Orioke Pure water, a suburb of Osogbo have appealed to the Osun State Government to urgently rehabilitate roads in the area that have been in very bad condition. Making this known through a recently staged peaceful protest, the residents said they wanted to inform the state government of the hardship experienced by the people of the community as a result of the bad condition and deplorable state of the roads in the area. Lamenting how the major road which stretches from GOF junction to Oba Adesoji Ring Road was stopped midway, the residents revealed that its abandonment by the state government and deplorable condition had resulted in it being fertile ground for road crashes and breakdown of vehicles. The central chairman of the community, Oke Oloruntosin in a chat with DAILY POST said some parts of the road rehabilitation and construction were abandoned by the government. According to Oke, the members of the community had made overtures to the Osun State House of Assembly which brought the matter before the state governor who took over the road rehabilitation. He revealed that despite publicly announcing that the road will be constructed by the state government, the main construction work did not go beyond Ilupeju II, Florentianal Junction. “However, when the construction started, they stopped it at Ilupeju II, Florentianal Junction; it did not get to our area.
We have since been appealing to the Governor. “It is nothing less than one and a half kilometre to Oba Adesoji Aderemi Expressway. We have about seven zones in this community, each with its head. I happen to be the Chairman of the Central Community. Our community is larger than some towns in this state. We appeal that they complete the road that leads to Ori Oke Oloruntosin and Oba Adesoji Aderemi Expressway.” Echoing the same sentiments, another community elder, Pastor Rufus Adeyemi maintained that there is no motorable road within the community. While stressing that car owners could not access the roads and had to make do with parking far from their residences, he revealed that motorcycles could not access the road. Maintaining that the community was largely populated, Pastor Adeyemi appealed to the state government to come to the aid of the community. “Our prayer to Mr. Governor is that he should have mercy on us. Everybody is seeing what is happening. We are begging him. Let me go down the memory lane, when the whole thing started. From GOF Junction to our community, we appealed to the governor to construct 2.8 Kilometer road but till now, only about 1.8 kilometers has been completed; it remains a kilometre more. “We are begging and appealing that this road be completed so it can be linked to Ona Baba Ona. We at different times paid for sands used to fill up the road. However, rain always washes the sands away. The community elder worried that delay in completing the road before the onset of the rainy season will mean that their community would be cut off from the rest of the state. The members of the community had in August 2020 staged a peaceful protest to the Osun State House of Assembly and Governor’s Office to seek the intervention of the state government on the deplorable condition of the roads in the community. It was gathered that following the protest, Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola, approved the community roads for rehabilitation and reconstruction.