A Kwara State High Court sitting in Ilorin has sentenced a 21-year-old boy Adeogun Timileyin Feranmi to six months in jail over internet-related scams and impersonation. Adeogun, who hails from Abule-Egba, Abeokuta in Odeda Local Government Area of Ogun State, was arraigned before Justice Adenike Akinpelu by the Ilorin Zonal command of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on a one-count charge. The defendant pleaded guilty to the charge brought against him. Feranmi was among the thirty internet fraud suspects arrested during a sting operation by operatives of the anti-graft agency on September 19, 2021, at Malete, Moro Local Government Area of Kwara State following intelligence reports over their alleged involvements in fraud-related activities. The charge sheet read: “That you, Adeogun Timileyin Feranmi on or about the 20th day of October 2019 in Ilorin, Kwara State within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court did cheat by personation when you pretended to be one Hannah Sanabria via your gmail address hannahsanabriah@gmail.com and in that guise communicated with one Reus Saints whom you induced to part with property towith: $1500 vide bitcoin.” The offence according to the anti-graft agency is contrary to Section 321 of the Penal Code Law and punishable under Section 324 of the same Law. Following his guilty plea, counsel to the EFCC, Rasheedat Alao, called a witness, whom she led in evidence to review the facts of the case. The witness, who is an operative of the commission narrated the circumstances that led to the arrest of the defendant and tendered as exhibits, one HP laptop and several fraudulent documents printed out from the defendant’s device, all of which were admitted in evidence. Alao, thereafter prayed the court to take judicial notice of the guilty plea entered by the defendant, his extrajudicial statements as well as exhibit tendered and convict him as charged. In her judgement, Justice Akinpelu upheld the submission of the prosecution that the EFCC had proved its case beyond a reasonable doubt. The trial judge sentenced Feranmi to six months imprisonment with an option of N150,000 fine. The court also ordered the forfeiture of the HP laptop recovered from the defendant at the point of arrest to the Federal Government.