Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has charged the new Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Mashod Lekan Balogun, not to allow politicians tamper with the traditional institution in Ibadan. Makinde gave the advice while speaking during the coronation of the 42nd Olubadan. DAILY POST reports that the coronation ceremony took place at the Mapo Hall in Ibadan on Friday. Dignitaries present at the event included a former governor of state who doubled as Otun Olubadan, High Chief Rashidi Ladoja and Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo. Others were former Vice President Abubakar Atiku, governors of Ekiti, Ogun and Kano, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, Prince Dapo Abiodun, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje. The rest included former Governors Olagunsoye Oyinlola and Olusegun Mimiko. Some of the traditional rulers who present at the event included the Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi; Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi, Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Abubakar Sa’ad; Emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero and Etsu Nupe, Dr. Yahaya Abubakar. Makinde, while speaking, declared that the event was a victory for Ibadanland. He advised the new monarch and members of Olubadan-in-Council to work and restore the dignity of Ibadan traditional chieftaincy system. Makinde, while speaking further, urged the new Olubadan to remain steadfast. He said, as the gatekeeper of Ibadan traditional system, the new monarch should not allow politicians to bastardise the traditional institution in the ancient town. Makinde said, “Therefore, I want to use this opportunity to ask that Kabiyesi and the Olubadan-in-Council work to ensure that the laws having to do with the ascension to the throne of Olubadan remain sacrosanct. “The Olubadan-in-Council should remain self-regulated without any external interference from the political class. “This is why the custodians of our culture must always take a stand against us tinkering with age-old traditional systems. “Our elders, the members of the various councils, the chiefs, our traditional fathers, they are the gatekeepers and they must remain steadfast in their roles.”