No fewer than ten personnel of the Zamfara State Fire Service were injured as the state wing of the National Union of Road Transport Worker (NURTW) attacked their secretariat in Gusau, the state capital. They were rushed to the Ahmad Sani Yarima Bakura Specialist Hospital for medical attention. According to one of the workers at the fire service, Lawali Ahmed, the chairman of Zamfara State wing of the NURTW, Mr. Aminu Kasuwa Daji, stormed the premises with five buses and three Gulf vehicles loaded with people suspected to be thugs and started hitting anyone at sight. The source said, “They did not even stop there but went ahead to steal the phones of the fire service personnel. Among those seriously injured was the executive chairman of the state fire service, Alhaji Abdulahi Jibo Dauran. “It was intentional as they did not give any reason for attacking us in our own secretariat even without expressing their grievances to me as the head of the department.” However, when the newsmen visited the Ahmed Sani Yarima Bakura Specialist Hospital where the executive director of the fire service, Mr. Abdulahi Jibo Dauran was admitted, he said he did not know the cause of the problem. According to him, he was in his office having a meeting with a group of people on the issue of inferno when he suddenly noticed that there was tension outside his office, which he said he came out to know what was happening but they started hitting him on the head with local weapons until he became unconscious and was rushed to the hospital by his men. “I cannot talk perfectly now due to the various degrees of injuries I sustained in my head and body.” When contacted, the State Commissioner of Works that controls the activities of the state fire service, Hon. Rabiu Garba, confirmed the attack, saying that the culprits would not go unpunished because they have offended the law of the land. Hon. Garba said that the chairman of the state wing of the NURTW and his cohorts have taken the law into their hands and must be published for such offence, pointing out that there are police stations and offices of other security agencies that they were supposed to report any grievance against anybody rather than to take the law into their hands. “The chairman of the NURTW, Aminu Kasuwa Daji and some hoodlums have been already apprehended by the Tudun Wada Divisional Police headquarters and others at large would also be arrested. “The state government would not take the matter lightly because attacking government workers at the government secretariat is a flagrant disregard of the state government entirely.” When contacted, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Mohammed Shehu, said newsmen would be briefed soon on the development.