As the Osun State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), holds its gubernatorial primary election today, Tuesday, the State Police Command has assured that it will provide adequate security before, during and after the exercise. The Police command also called on politicians in the PDP to conduct themselves during and after the exercise, in line with the Electoral Act, 2022. Giving this assurance via a press release signed by Yemisi Opalola, the command’s Public Relations Officer and made available to DAILY POST in Osogbo on Monday, Olawale Olokode, the Osun Commissioner of Police disclosed that the police with other security agencies in the State will provide a level playing ground for all aspirants and all the eligible electorates/delegates to exercise their franchise. While hinting that the Command had taken necessary security measures to forestall any likely breakdown of law and order, Olokode disclosed that security agencies will not hesitate to deal decisively with anyone or group of persons who may attempt to foment trouble or disrupt the smooth conduct of the election. According to the statement, “As the PDP governorship primary election scheduled for today, Tuesday 8th March, 2022, gathers momentum, the Commissioner of Police, Osun State Police Command, CP Olawale Olokode, wishes to assure the general public, especially the good people of Osun State, of adequate security before, during and beyond the PDP governorship primary election and urged politicians to play the game as stipulated in line with the Electoral Act, 2010. “The Police and other security agencies in the State will provide a level playing ground for all aspirants and all the eligible electorates/delegates to exercise their franchise, while we will not hesitate to deal decisively and within the ambit of law, with anyone, group of persons who might attempt to foment trouble or disrupt the smooth conduct of the election.” The Osun police boss, who appealed to parents and guardians to warn their children and wards to stay out of trouble during this period of elections and beyond, added that the command will not tolerate any kind of thuggery, gangsterism and hooliganism. “They should not allow themselves to be used by any vicious politician to cause a crisis in the State as the command will not tolerate any kind of thuggery, gangsterism and hooliganism,” he warned. Also, the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has also revealed that it has put in place a robust security arrangement in place to ensure safety of lives and properties in the State ahead of the PDP gubernatorial congress. Making this known in a press release made available by Atanda Olabisi, the command’s Public Relations Officer, the Osun NSCDC Commandant, Emmanuel Ocheja directed that all officers on special duty at the venue of the congress should discharge their duties impartially. Commandant Ocheja stressed the need for officers to be dedicated to work as the country is dealing with prevailing security challenges. Recall that all hell was let loose during the PDP 3-man ad-hoc delegates in Osun. The violence, which broke out in Iwo and Ife North local government areas, recorded two deaths and destruction of properties worth millions of Naira.