Residents of Langtang South Local Government Area of Plateau State have recounted their ugly experience of using urine to quench the fire that engulfed the ongoing Incubation Centre Project of the National Board of Technology Incubation (NBTI) Abuja, located in Mabudi, headquarters of the council, as a result of lack of water. DAILY POST gathered that the ongoing project was said to have been set ablaze by yet-to-be-identified persons. According to an eyewitness, Mr Lohpon Nimfah Lar, who together with other locals helped to quench the fire, “At about 8 pm on Sunday, we were told that there was fire at the Incubation Centre and we ran to the place, there was no water. One of us had to remove his shirt and everybody was told to urinate on the shirt. “After urinating, the shirt became wet so we used it by placing it on any burning wood and brushed it until the fire is off before those who went for water arrived. “You know because of our terrain here, water is a scarce commodity, so you can understand why it took long before the water will come, and that’s why we have to use our urine.” Another eyewitness, Mr Samson Shama who used his car to get water said members of the community had to use knapsack farm sprayers in their numbers to help put off the fire. He called on the government to put such critical needs into consideration such as a mini fire station for a project of that nature while security personnel be deployed to the site until it is completed and commissioned for use. Hon. Beni Lar, a member representing Langtang North/Langtang South in the House of Representatives, who visited the Paramount ruler of Mabudi, Ponzhi Nimmak Dauda over the incident before proceeding to the project site, assured the community that the multi-million naira project is going to be completed and commissioned for the benefit of all Nigerians. Lar was accompanied by the embattled Chairman of Langtang North LGC, Hon. Joshua Laven stressed that “I will not in any way be distracted by those detractors from delivering on my campaign promises by ensuring that my constituents and the good people of Plateau State and the country rip the dividends of democracy at all time.