As the 2023 general election draws nearer, the 2019 Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has declared his intention to run for president in the 2023 general elections. The Waziri Adamawa stated this while declaring his intention at International Conference Centre (ICC), on Wednesday in Abuja describing the 2023 election as a referendum to decide whether Nigerians want greatness or continuous destruction, saying it is a choice between two paths: the path of unity and progress or the path of division and backwardness. He claimed that the ruling party, the All Progressives Congress (APC) wants to divide the country along the political, ethnic, and religious lines so that they forget to blame them for the rising inflation. Atiku said under the APC President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration Nigeria is a sinking ship, that must be rescued urgently, stating that “this is why I am happy to announce my candidacy for the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, under the platform of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku noted. According to him, ” if elected my Presidency will focus on five key areas: Unity of Nigeria, Security, Economy, Education and devolving more resources and powers to the federating units”. He noted that “since the civil war, the unity of Nigeria has never been threatened as it is today, said he will open doors for dialogue to hear the grieving voices of all Nigerians”. Having lamented on the rate of insecurity in Nigeria, Atiku said “If we get into power, we will increase the welfare of all security forces. We will use modern technology and intelligence to combat insecurity. We will also increase the number of personnel for our security agencies, he promised. He continued ” under my leadership, we will ensure absolute security because that is the number one condition for economic prosperity. We will provide access to mechanized farming systems and develop the agricultural value chain. We must diversify our foreign exchange sources through exports of processed agricultural products. “When APC came into power, Nigeria’s debt was N12 trillion, and now they increased it to N32 trillion. They still want to borrow more. Under my leadership, we will reduce government borrowing. Too much borrowing comes at the detriment of future growth. “We will operate a liberal economy that allows small businesses to grow through lower taxes and charges for small businesses and low-income earners. We will encourage the expansion of the private sector to spur economic growth. “I know how to create jobs. I built several successful businesses and companies within Nigeria, and as a result of which thousands of people are gainfully employed. If I can manage my businesses well, I can manage the Nigerian economy well”. He assured that if elected he will work more with young people, noting that “Young people are more agile, creative, and conversant with contemporary opportunities and challenges. I too, feel like I am a young man. So, you can call me a youth too. Atiku promised that his administration is going to be a transition of power from the senior generation to the younger generation.