A lawyer, Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa, says the events unfolding concerning the murder of Bamise Ayanwola are intriguing and worrisome. He said following public outcry, the Lagos State Government “hurriedly packaged the Bus Rapid Transfer driver for a media interview, to give the impression that he was innocent of the crime”. His statement on Tuesday noted that further revelations have thrown up very serious questions that Lagos must answer if it is not covering up the murder. “In a homicide matter of this magnitude, how can a prime suspect who was declared missing, be handed over to the government by the security agencies?”, Adegboruwa quipped. The Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) observed that a video of his initial arrest “showed that the driver confessed to having carnal knowledge of the deceased, in very remorseful fashion”. The rights activist asked who packaged a crime suspect, dressed in Lagos State Government outfit and tutored to claim innocence to set up the cock and bull story of hijack. Adegboruwa asked the Lagos government to explain its “romancing” with a murder suspect. He condemned the parade of the driver on only TV Continental (TVC) “which Lagos State has influence through patronage”. He recalled that Commissioner of Police, Abiodun Alabi earlier told the press that the suspect confessed to the crime “before Lagos State emerged with James Bond storyline”. The lawyer warned the Lagos government against serving the interest of anyone to cover up a clear case of blue murder. “Has there been other cases of ritual killings in BRT buses to which the government has become accustomed? “Why will a driver whose bus was hijacked and has thus become a victim himself then bolt away for days without reporting to his employers?” Adegboruwa declared that Lagos State Police Command cannot be trusted to handle the case. The SAN wondered why they surrendered a murder suspect still under investigation to the Lagos government “for media packaging”. He urged the Federal Government and the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba to take over the investigation “before the case is completely compromised”.