The Ohanaeze Youth Council (OYC), on Sunday, took a swipe on the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF), describing them as the real enemies to Nigerian youths. The council said the 36 members of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have denied Nigerian youths of political growth and robust economic opportunities to square up with their counterparts in other nations of the world. OYC in a release signed by its National President, Comrade Igboayaka O. Igboayaka, made available to DAILY POST on Sunday said the Nigeria Governors Forum under the leadership of Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State should steer clear of the forthcoming 2023 presidential election. The Igbo youths frowned at what they bluntly described as “the over-ambitious political mentality of the failed Governors in Nigeria since 1999”. “The corruption tendency and tyrannic approaches of the state governors over local government elections, mismanaging and diversion of local government councils’ funds are definitions of incompetent and such a class of political gangsters in Nigeria can not be trusted with the Nigerian Treasury in the office of the president. “In obvious reality, the Nigeria Governors Forum(NGF) of the 36 members are the real enemies to Nigeria Youths. They have denied Nigerian youths of political growth and robust economic opportunities to square up with their counterparts in other nations of the world. “With Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) record of 774 local government and 8,809 wards since 1999, the Nigeria Governors Forum(NGF) have denied 18, 576 youths opportunity to be local government Chairman/Vice-Chairmen and 105,708 youths the opportunity to be Councillors which brought to a total number of 124,284 politically incapacitated youths in various Local government areas and various wards in Nigeria. “With the two years tenure for LGA Chairman and Councillors, the local government Councils elections could have been conducted 12 times”, Comrade Igboayaka said. According to the Igbo youths, “we frowned at the NGF’s statement stating that “Nigerian Governors’ Forums of All Progressives Congress, APC and People’s Democratic Party, PDP have been meeting and consulting on producing the Presidential candidates of both the APC and the PDP”, and that their consultations have advanced to a level of reaching consensus on who they are to the front in the two political parties to contest for president, come 2023 presidential election. The youth body said the Nigeria Governors Forum’s conspiracy to merge APC and PDP presidential candidates is an effort in futility.