The chairman of the Southeast Governors Forum, David Umahi on Tuesday assured Igbos that the national leader of the outlawed indigenous peoples of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu will soon be released from DSS detention. Umahi who made this known in Abakaliki said he initiated a political dialogue with President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure the immediate release of Nnamdi Kanu from DSS detention. The governor who equally allocated 2.5 hectares of land located opposite the International Market Abakaliki to the Association of Computer Village Merchants of Nigeria, lamented that many businesses are closing down in the South-East because of unknown gunmen. He said since the commencement of the activities of unknown Gunmen, people now prefer to take their business to other regions of the country. “Why do we still have unknown gunmen in Southeast? This is not the first time it is happening in Igboland. There was a time, it was so terrible in Abia, Abia state, in Onitsha and so many other places, and Igbo man knows what to do. “We are coming to that point, businesses are moving away from Aligbo, for what? I have gone to President Muhammadu Buhari and initiated a political dialogue over our brother Nnamdi Kanu. And that process is on. And I don’t see any reason why we should be killing ourselves. Fighting our people, making sure that the economy of the south-east is down. “Some of these people that initiated this sit-at-home are outside the country. They can never do sit-at-home one day there because they work twenty-four hours. And if they do, hunger will kill them” he said. He noted that the Igbos are the enemies to themselves pointing out that until the activities of the gunmen are halted, the region would continue to suffer economic deprivation and stagnation. Umahi called for a concerted effort towards bringing to an end such inhuman treatment against Igbos by the Gunmen adding that he has met with President Mohammed Buhari towards having a political solution to the continued detention of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. He asked those insisting on the sit at home order, to also ensure it is not restricted to the five South-East states but to all Igbos across the country and the globe. Governor Umahi called on NdIgbo to always come back home to invest adding that such investment would not only develop the region but can boost the economic fortunes of the region.