Senator representing Niger East Senatorial District, Mohammed Sani Musa has insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari will not impose any aspirant as Chairman of the party against the will of the people. This is as the party chieftain intensifies consultations ahead of the National Convention of the All Progressives Congress slated for March 6, 2022. The lawmaker who is a Chairmanship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has been reaching out to Stakeholders, leaders, members and supporters on his aspiration for the position of National Chairman amid crisis rocking the party. Musa emphasized that he would re-engineer the party if given the opportunity to lead through a well-coordinated National Working Committee, NWC. The lawmaker expressed his belief in President Buhari stressing that he would continue with the consultation exercise and prepare himself and others for the national convention. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Monday, Musa asserted that all contenders and party supporters would be happy to see participatory democracy by allowing a level playing field for everyone. Musa suggested a total leadership reorientation for the APC, to actualize its institutional potentials, even as he assured that he would be adaptive to a participatory and affiliative work style that will usher in visionary and pacesetting leadership for the party. “If given the opportunity to lead the party, I will completely re-engineer the internal structures and workings of the party. “APC needs total leadership reorientation for it to actualize its institutional potentials. “Hence, I will be adaptive to a participatory and affiliative work style that will usher visionary and pacesetting leadership for the party that will give the party a new direction and philosophy. “APC must be made an institution which is the only antidote to reckless abuse of office and ethics which brings about disharmony and wrangling within the various organs of the party viz a viz it’s followers.”