Global markets continue to be affected by Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine. Since late February, financial markets have been rocked by the conflict and heavy sanctions placed on Russia. This has resulted in extreme volatility in many markets, especially commodities. Oil prices continued to move higher following a huge price surge; Brent crude futures hit a high of $118.22 per barrel and there’s every indication that oil will continue to soar. Want to become a trader? CMTrading is hosting an incredible training event in Port Harcourt in March. Reserve your seat. From tackling volatile markets to sharing valuable advice for first-time traders, Tope Ijibadejo, CMTrading Nigeria Region Manager, answers all your pressing questions and more. Q: How has the Ukraine conflict-affected markets? Tope: said: “The crisis has made the market extremely volatile and when the market is volatile it means that there are a lot of opportunities for traders. Depending on the asset traders are making a lot of money. “Crude oil has astronomically increased in price since the conflict started, and that’s because exports are now on hold. Nobody is exporting oil or producing food in the region; Russia is one of the biggest producers of oil and wheat in the world. During wartime, there’s fighting, which means there’s no effort being spent on production. There are a lot of sanctions on Russia and Ukraine is one of their channels of exporting crude oil. “Given the price of crude oil, many traders are jumping on board and making a lot of money from the price volatility. War has made the market more volatile, yet volatility creates opportunities in the market.” Q: What are some of the market movements you’ve seen during the conflict? Tope: “The price rise of oil has been astonishing as it’s a global commodity. Given the sanctions and limit on production, there’s a supply shortage of crude oil. This is affecting the price of oil. Even more alarming is there will be an increase in demand which is sending the price even higher. In a very short time, oil has moved from below $90 per barrel to beyond $110 per barrel.” Q: How should traders react to the ongoing conflict? Tope: “Trades don’t react to the ongoing conflict, we react to the reality of the situation. And the reality is you should avoid panic selling. It’s not a time to sell it is a time to buy; Is it time to press the panic button for buy not sell. We do not know how far oil will rise and if the conflict persists it will keep rising. “Overall, any knowledgeable trader, who understands the concept of supply and demand, will be able to remain calm and spot opportunities as they happen.” Q: Advice for Nigerian traders? Tope: “When it comes to the trading, you must be able to differentiate between a forex broker and individuals or companies that parade themselves as fund managers. In recent years, a lot of people have had bad experiences because they entrusted their money to unscrupulous individuals. These people claim to collect money from the public and claim to trade for them and in return provide a return on investment. “It’s not wise to do to give your money to anyone who says he will trade for you. You should have control of your money. Put your money into a broker account yourself and have access to your account if you are not able to trade for yourself. There are technologies such as social trading that you can use. Our social trading platform enables you to follow and copy the trades of more experienced traders. Whatever they do on their trading accounts will show up on your trading account. This way you are in control of your investment. ‘Take control of your funds’ “When you give your money to an investment company or somebody who claims to give a return on investment, you are not in control of your money. Sadly, many people end up investing in a scam. The only way you are sure you have invested in Forex is if you open an account yourself. “Education is important and learning how to trade for yourself will empower you to grab your financial freedom. CMTrading provides all the education you will need. While you are going through the learning process, you can be earning from social trading. This is what we make available at CMTrading and people who are using our Copykat platform are extremely happy with it. This is because they are in control of their funds, and they can learn at their own pace. Join CMTrading, the largest and best-performing broker in Africa, and discover more opportunities with an award-winning broker. Register here to get started Follow CMTrading on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube.