The lawmaker representing Kogi Central, in the National Assembly, Senator Yakubu Oseni has commissioned multiple projects in his constituency as part of efforts to fulfil his electoral mandate for his people. Among the big project commissioned by the Kogi Central lawmaker is the Governor Yahaya Bello Computer Based Test Centre in Agasa, under Okene Local Government Area. Senator Oseni in his remarks said, within the first six months of his inauguration, he quickly embarked on tackling some teething challenges affecting teaching and learning in schools across Kogi Central. He said under his watch, many schools were renovated, as his constituency witnessed massive development, including empowerment across the length and breadth of Kogi Central. Giving an account of his stewardship since 2019, Senator Oseni, who is the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Information and Communication Technology and Cyber Security, said, “We did not stop at that. We further took a comprehensive catalogue of schools that need urgent repairs and the building of new blocks of classrooms. To this end, we have been able to build one block of two classrooms in selected schools across the five local government areas of Kogi Central. “As a privileged Chairman of Senate Committee on Information and Communication Technology Cybersecurity, I resolved that my constituents would have first-hand enlightenment on cyber security and other ICT related matters. This informed my decision to build ICT hubs and E-learning centres across my constituency. “So far, we have over eleven (11) e-learning centres properly equipped with Computer systems in various schools across my constituency. Let me quickly emphasise here that those e-learning centres are meant to serve students and members of the host communities who are desirous of being abreast of the changing world of ICT. “All these are aside from our magnificent world-class 600 capacity JAMB CBT centre which through my constituency project was executed by the National Information
Technology Development Agency (NITDA). “It may interest you to know that aside from the provision of job opportunities, the JAMB CBT centre which has the capacity to serve the whole of the state and beyond would reduce the risk of travelling to a far distance for computer-based examination. ” I assure you that Ekuku dam revitalization will be achieved in no distance time, especially with the assistance of our able Senate President. In the meantime, I have sunk over 27 boreholes and repaired many across the five local government areas before our main target is achieved. ” Our zeal to revive Ajaokuta Steel Company is beyond media showmanship. We have made reasonable efforts to resolving both national and international conspiracy against the steel
complex. We have reconnected with our foreign experts for technical audit and eventual take-off of the steel complex before COVID-19 took the world by surprise in the year 2020. “This had serious negative impacts on the movement of foreign national for the job but I want to assure you that
Mr President knows the exigencies of the steel complex to the economy of this country. He is working assiduously with his economic team to ensure the steel complex come back to life”. Senator Oseni, however, commended Governor Bello’s leadership qualities, style and achievement which he noted have continued to resonate in every nook and cranny of the country. “Even though growing one’s leadership capacity demands personal determination and commitment, God has placed many personalities on my path to ease my resolve of being a succour to the people. One of such people is the ever determined and tenacious Governor of Kogi State, Alhaji Yahaya. “Through his abiding faith in me, he brought me in 2016 to reform the ailing Kogi Board of Internal Revenue. I quickly formed a team of experts in taxation and we did our modest effort to justify the confidence he reposed in me, and to the glory of Almighty Allah, the story of the revenue generation agency and the state internally generated revenue changed for the better. ” While people may depend on godfathers, Governor, Yahaya Adoza Bello only depends on God the Father and that is why he has continued to perform, excellently in sectors of governance. ” In 2016 when he was sworn in as the Executive Governor of our dear state, the state was entrapped with insecurity that appeared insurmountable. “Bank robbery was the order of the day aside from activities of hoodlums on the highways that put our people in perpetual fear. He knew that no meaningful development could occur amidst wanton insecurity. He swung into action and the result is improved and secured Kogi State which made it possible for investors to troop in from various locations”. In his remarks, Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello who was represented by his Deputy Chief David Onoja commended the lawmaker for fulfilling his campaign promise to the people of Kogi State. Bello, while reeling out his administration achievement since 2016 said Kogi remains an All Progressive Congress, (APC) State that will continue to retain power after the 2023 general election. While assuring that valuable representation will be presented across board in the 2023 general election, Governor Bello noted that Nigeria needs a leader that can unite and secure the country. On his part, the Senate President, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan commended Senator Oseni for impacting positively, the lives of his people. The President of the 9th Senate also commended the Senators from Kogi East and West adding that, they have reflected on the good leadership of Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State which is on transparency and integrity. Lawan, however, berated the opposition People Democratic Party adding that, they failed the country when they were in power for 16 years. He said APC as of today has over 14million members nationwide, stressing that, the opposition People’s Democratic Party, (PDP) is shrinking on daily basis. “Kogi is an APC State. We are very happy with what we have achieved in the last seven years leading this country. It is important to state that 2022 is a year of consolidation of Apc across Nigeria. ” This year, our president will commission many projects across the country. When some people have 16 years, they didn’t do anything. When we came, in just seven years, we did more than what they did in 16 years in power. “Some people have failed Nigeria in 16 years. They should go to our people and seek forgiveness. The damage they caused us is beyond redemption” he added.