The Vice-Chancellor, Michael Okpara University of Agriculture, Umudike, (MOUAU), Prof. Maduebibisi Ofo Iwe have sued for peace and mutual relationship between the University and the host communities to achieve the mission of the institution. Prof. Iwe gave the charge on Wednesday, during a meeting of traditional rulers and President Generals of Town Unions of land donors and the University Management, held in the institution. The VC said the mission of the University is to ensure high-quality practical training of students to become professionally competent and confident personalities capable of self-employment but worried that these cannot be realized without the availability of land and rapport with land donors. The University Don said the records of proof relating to the lands donated to the University can be accessed by the land donors.  He implored the land donors to support the systematic development of the University by allowing the institution have free access to the various parts of the lands that have been ceded to her. The Vice-Chancellor, during the town hall meeting, reiterated that the government and the university are committed to paying all necessary compensations and benefits to the host communities as well as benefit them whenever intervention programmes and job opportunities arise. While promising a review of the ‘Town and Gown’ forum of the University Council to enhance a more robust community relationship, the VC advised the traditional rulers and the town union leaders, as custodians and leaders of thought in their various clans, to properly educate their people on the affected lands, to eliminate hitches in the developmental activities of the University. In their separate remarks, the Chairman of Ikwuano Local Government Area, Stephen Mpamugo, traditional rulers and town union heads from the affected communities of Ikwuano, Umuahia South, and Isiala Ngwa North Local Government Areas commended the Vice-Chancellor for carrying them along in the developmental activities of the University and availing them firsthand information with regards to the lands ceded to the University.  They urged the University Management to streamline the geographical coverage of the lands with all necessary proofs and compensation modalities to curb agitations and restiveness being reported amongst various families and clans that owned the lands. While promising to create a symbolic relationship for the development of the University, the representatives of the land donors enjoined the University Management to form a Community Relations Committee of land donor communities to enhance mutually beneficial relationships.