A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Akwa Ibom State, ArchBishop Andrew Uwanta, has expressed the hope that the recent assent to the amended electoral act would reinvigorate democracy in the party. Uwanta, who is the Chairman of Akwa Ubok Abasi Campaign Organisation, the electioneering platform of Senator Bassey Akpan, stated this in a statement made available to journalists in Uyo, the state capital on Tuesday. He noted that the electoral act has rekindled a new hope and faith in them, knowing fully well that the people would now be given a right to choose their leaders both at the primary and the general elections. He further noted that democracy cannot be effectively served when the electoral processes are flawed and lauded the synergy between the National Assembly and the Presidency, which led to the signing of the Electoral Amendment Bill. Uwanta described the Electoral Act as a dream come true. The statement read in parts, “We wish to make it known that our mass movement to change the Akwa Ibom story has gathered a new momentum, new faith, and new hope. Everything is now on course for us to take our destiny into our hands and take our state to a new height of greatness and relevance, come 2023. “Be assured that what we had been waiting for, God has granted us in the Electoral Act and we are set to cross the Jordan River into the land of promise. In the next few days, we will roll out our schedule and continue our march around the walls of Jericho. “Soon, the oppressive human-contrived walls will fall flat and we will enter together into the Akwa Ibom of our dreams rejoicing and singing and returning all praises and glory to the only God, ’’That Same God,‘’ who makes all things possible. For, it shall be said that our God has done this great thing for us all! “When the people will speak eventually in the primary election of our great party and the main election with their cards, then will we come together and celebrate that God had spoken through all of us, for God always has the last say in every situation.”