Uba Sani, a serving Senator, representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District in the National Assembly, on March 15, 2022, at the Kaduna State Secretariat of All Progressives Congress (APC), declared his ambition to contest for Kaduna governorship seat in 2023. However, less than 24 hours after his declaration, some party members, chieftains, and members of the public have expressed different opinions. While some described Senator Sani as an unpopular candidate that may not stand the test of time in the face of some notable, popular opposition parties warming up to challenge him at the poll in 2023, others believed the end of the APC in Kaduna State was fast approaching. According to Alhaji Muhammed Boroboro, who said he is one of the founding members of the APC, “the choice of Senator Uba Sani as APC governorship candidate for 2023 election is a wrong one. “Since he went to the Senate, how many motions has he moved against the continuous bandits’ attack in Kaduna State? What has he done, even in his own Central Senatorial constituency? What are the projects he initiated?” Also speaking to DAILY POST on Wednesday, Dr. Umar Danyiska, who said he was in the CPC before the merger, noted that “Uba Sani has been in government, courtesy of Mallam Nasir El-rufai. Uba has been eating fat, we all know this. There is no guarantee that he can stand to face the opposition, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), whose eagle eyes are on the State.” He added that, “donating 59 cars to party executives in the State is never a project, it will not make you win. Several issues in the State need proper attention, need convincing words, and persuasive characters. 59 cars to executive members cannot give you a vote to Lugard Hall.” Meanwhile, a chieftain of the opposition PDP, in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State, Dr. Moses Namunamu told DAILY POST in Kaduna, on Wednesday, that the God of the PDP is at work, “as a non-performing Senator, Uba Sani, backed by Governor El-rufai, how now indicated interest.” He said the fact that someone had been a kitchen cabinet member of Mallam Nasir El-rufai’s administration was no guarantee that such a person had the intellectual capacity to govern the State. He said the only things the people of the State were enjoying included payment of huge ransom to bandits, kidnapping of innocent people, unemployment, sacking of workers without payment of benefits, poverty, demolition of shops, houses, and killing of innocent people by kidnappers. Meanwhile, a group known as APC Political Alliance (APA), through its spokesman Alhaji Shehu Abdullahi Mustapha has warned that the political wrangling in the Kaduna chapter of the APC and Governor Nasir Ahmed El-Rufai’s “autocratic posture” could make the party lose the seat of power to opposition parties. It said the choice of an unpopular candidate would divide the party and make it difficult for the APC to win elections in 2023.