One Favour Nwachukwu, 20, has confessed that she abducted a four-year-old Aisha Rayanu in her school Ikot Ekpene, Akwa Ibom State to replace her child who was stolen by thieves. Nwachukwu made the confession on Tuesday at police headquarters Ikot-Akpanabia Uyo, when she was paraded alongside a fake female constable as well as other suspects The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Odiko Macdon told journalists that the operatives of the Anti Child Theft of the State rescued the victim who was abducted from the Methodist Township Primary school. The PPRO who described the incidents as unfortunate added that all the suspects would be charged to court as soon as the investigation is completed. According to him “on 18th January 2022 at about 5pm one Shuiabu Rayanu of N0 1 Sani Ogun road, Ikot Ekpene reported that on the same date, she took her children to Methodist Township Primary school, No 34 Chubb road, Ikot Ekpene and that at the close of school she went to pick them but could not find her 4years old daughter, Aisha Rayanu. “On enquiry, she found that an unknown person has gone to school and taken her away to an unknown destination. On receipt of the case, detectives of Anti Child Theft, SCIID, Uyo tactically and painstakingly traced and arrested one Favour Nwachukwu Prince of Ikot Effiom Estate, Akpabuyu local government area of Cross River State “She confessed to the alleged crime that she went to the said school and took the child to her boyfriend, an ex-militant, in a camp located at Essighi, Akpabuyu local government area in Cross River State in replacement for her own child that was stolen. “Little Aisha whose name was changed to Mirabel, had been with the said ex-militant till her rescue on 17th March 2022 by detectives from the Anti Child Theft section. Though she has since been reunited with the family, they are here with us at the headquarters” Macdon said. Macdon further disclosed that the fake female Constable had defrauded one Loveth Ifechineke and Joy Joseph of the sum of N500,000 at Itam market, in Itu local government area of the state. “On 15/3/2022, at about 1816hrs one Miss Caroline Udeme of Idoro road, Uyo 24-years old, was arrested in police Constable uniform along with a police identity card, the suspect has defrauded one Loveth Ifechineke and Joy Joseph all of Itam market of cash and items worth over N500,000. All the suspects will have their day in court as soon as investigations are completed” he said.