Zamfara State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has paraded 18 suspects involved in different offences. The State Commandant, Mr. A A Sparks said that in line with the commitment of the Corps to rid Zamfara State of all forms of criminalities, groups of criminal gangs, with different criminal offences, have been apprehended by the men of the Corps and they are ready for prosecution. According to the State Commandant, some were arrested at the Maulid ceremony ground, which was concluded on the 5th March, 2022, while attempting to pilfer from innocent participants. “These criminals took a paid bus from Zaria, Kaduna State to Zamfara State just to commit mischief at the Maulid ground. They were arrested and brought to the Command for investigations,” he said. He gave the names of the suspects as Abba Wadatu Maigoro 21years, Aliyu Shehu 18years, Abubakar Salisu, 27 years, Nasiru Habibu 26years, Yahaya Shehu, 19years and Aminu Lawali, 18 years old. Speaking further, the State NSCDC boss said that four other suspects who specialized in pickpocketing and stealing of handsets were also apprehended by men of the Corps at the Maulid ceremony ground. Mr. Sparks noted that some exhibits of stolen phones were found at their disposal, saying that the criminal gangs are also from Zaria city, who have come to Gusau to dispose innocent participants at the Maulid of their belongings. “They also include Umar Sani 21 years, Abdullaziz Saadu 18years, Shamsu Abdullahi 22years and Mustapha Kabiru 22years. “Also, five suspects were arrested by officers of the Corps at Tsafe Local Government Area suspected to belong to a gang of thieves. They were arrested at Birnin Ruwa Area of Tsafe Local Government Area on the 4th March 2022. “These criminals who were suspected of fleeing from a crime scene under investigation were sighted hibernating in one Nafiu Usman’s resident at Tsafe town,” he said. The commandant gave their names as Ibrahim Bashir 25 years, Suleiman Mohd, 18years, Hussaini Usman, 24 years, Shittu Suleiman, 25 years and Nafiu Usman, 29 years. He also said that three suspects have been arrested from Kara village of Wanke district in Gusau Local Government Area for criminal conspiracy, tampering with electric wires and theft. He gave their names as Jafar Ibrahim 29years, Umar Abubakar 29 years and Manir Musa 29 years. Mr. Sparks assured that the suspects will be charged to court of competent jurisdiction as soon as investigations are concluded.