The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kaduna State chapter, has said that there is no alternative to dialogue in resolving the challenges facing the state. This was contained in a statement issued in Kaduna on Friday by the CAN Chairman, Rev. John Hayab, who decried the recent killings and destruction of property in Kagoro, Southern Kaduna. Hayab, who is equally, the Country Director, Global Peace Foundation, Nigeria, explained that dialogue was necessary to resolve any disagreement or dispute between two or more persons or groups. He said religion and culture teach how to engage in dialogue in order to make mankind and the world better. “CAN, Kaduna Chapter, is disturbed, particularly owing to the ceaseless killings in the state and the country at large. Some groups are asking faith leaders to withdraw from any peace dialogue. “The contention is that some parties in peace dialogue do not come to the table genuinely or as equal partners, and we do not argue with those who hold such opinions. “We are calling on the clergy, local government chapters, and unit leaders of CAN not to withdraw from any peace dialogue because we believe strongly that there is no substitute to dialogue in any subject of difference, be it religious, ethnic, race or creed,” Hayab said. The CAN chairman said that husbands and wives dialogue to make peace in the home, just as children, parents, and the community employ it to resolve matters capable of igniting conflict. “Therefore, if anyone has compelling evidence against a party not truthful in peace dialogue, it is time to engage in further dialogue to support him/her to recognize the implication of their actions but not to end it. “Every world’s micro and macro conflict always comes back to the table of dialogue to find a lasting solution,’’ he said. According to him, those following the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine will attest that in spite of the wanton destruction, there is an effort for dialogue ongoing by some representatives. Hayab appealed to those who feel they have had enough dialogue not to give up yet and should desist from discouraging others from engaging in resolving issues.
“Christians are people of faith and trust that with God all things are possible. “One day, sooner than later, the evil, killings, and destruction experienced now will be over when more good people continue to dialogue towards finding a lasting solution to our current predicament,” he said.