Solution into the leadership crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress, APC, appears not to be in sight yet as the Senate caucus of the party on Wednesday, declared that Governor Mai Mala Buni, remains the substantive chairman of the Caretaker/Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee, CECPC of the party. Speaking with journalists after a second day running emergency meeting of the caucus, the Senate Leader, Dr. Yahaya Abdullahi, said that the storm in the party is now over. Abdullahi disclosed that various issues facing the party, were exhaustively deliberated upon with clear indication of peace ahead of the March 26, 2022 national convention of the party. “These are trying times for major political parties in the country, the very reason we in the APC as Senate caucus met for second day running this week towards required collaboration with other stakeholders for unity of purpose in the party ahead of the coming national convention and 2023 general elections. “Required strategies have been mapped out by the caucus to bring all interests groups together in making the party stronger and well positioned for the 2023 general elections. “The reported storm in the party by the media is not true as there was no leadership crisis. “Governor Buni to us, remains the Chairman of National Caretaker/ Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party. “He will resume in that capacity any moment he returns from Dubai where he went for medical check. “Governor Sani Bello, who is acting in that capacity now is doing so to avoid vacuum in leadership and most importantly, to put in place required arrangements for the forthcoming National Convention of the party 17 days from now,” her said. The meeting which lasted for about three hours and attended by the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, his deputy, Ovie Omo-Agege, the Chief Whip, Orji Uzor Kalu and other principal officers, adopted seven point communique geared towards dousing any form of tension in the party. The caucus specifically resolved to meet with CECPC of the party , Leaders of Governors Fora and aspirants/ candidates from this coming weekend.