Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Andrei Sukhovetsky, a Russian General among the troops fighting in Ukraine, has been shot dead. The deceased was the commanding general of the Russian 7th Airborne Division and a deputy commander of the 41st Combined Arms Army. President Vladimir Putin has confirmed that a general had been killed in the war. 2. The refusal of some Ukraine-based Nigerians to board evacuation plane back home frustrated the commencement of conveying citizens trapped by the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. As a result of the ongoing war, Nigerians had escaped to Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, and Poland, to seek refuge. 3. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has filed charges against suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Abba Kyari. Kyari, alongside six others, were charged for drug trafficking. They will be arraigned before a Federal High Court in Abuja on March 7. 4. Former governor of Kano State, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, has said he is set to dump the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the New Nigeria People Party (NNPP). In an interview yesterday, Kwankwaso said preparations were in top gear and he would announce his next step of action before the end of March. 5. Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has formally joined the presidential race ahead of the 2023 general elections. According to a video obtained yesterday, Atiku, who lost to President Muhammadu Buhari in the 2019 presidential elections, made the declaration while meeting with some stakeholders. 6. The Federal Government has approved the request by the United States of America, for the suspended Commander of the Police Intelligence Response Team, Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari, to be extradited. This followed his alleged involvement in the $1.1million wire fraud by Abass Ramon, aka Hushpuppi. 7. The House of Representatives has rejected a bill seeking to regulate how children of public officers enroll in schools outside the shores of Nigeria. It faced stiff opposition at the second reading on Thursday. 8. Former Governor of Lagos State and presidential aspirant, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, said, on Thursday, that Nigeria needed a competent leader like him, who could unite the people, tackle insecurity and rejig the debilitating economy. 9. The government of President Muhammadu Buhari has donated $1 million to Afghanistan. Secretary-General of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), Hissein Brahim Taha, disclosed this in a statement. 10. An Ogun State Magistrates’ Court sitting in Isabo, Abeokuta, on Thursday, remanded a couple, Kehinde Oladimeji, 43, and Adejumoke Raji, 35, in prison over the alleged murder of a 22-year-old woman, Ife Adeh. The defendants, who were arraigned on two counts of conspiracy and murder, are residents of MKO Abiola Way, in the Leme area of Abeokuta.