Ethereum is a fast-rising cryptocurrency, second only to Bitcoin in market capitalization. In 2013, it was conceived by Vitalik Buterin, a programmer. Other founders include; Gavin Wood, Anthony Di Lorio, Charles Hoskinson and Joseph Lubin. In this article, I would be explaining a step-by-step process on how to sell your Ethereum in Nigeria, and things to consider before, during and after you take that step. Decided to dive into the crypto world and take advantage of the digital currency? You would need to select an exchange platform, create an account, deposit the cryptocurrency (in this case; Ethereum), sell it, and withdraw to your local bank account. Let’s break this down even further and shed some light on it. Step One: Pick Best Ethereum Exchange platform: This is the first step in your journey of selling ETH, and although it might not seem crucial, it is very important.
How? Picking the best crypto trading app is important as there are certain factors you need to put into consideration. For the best app to sell Ethereum in Nigeria, I recommend BREET  BREET is an OTC crypto trading platform that enables users and businesses to seamlessly convert their crypto to Naira and withdraw to their local bank account in less than five (5) minutes with NO WITHDRAWAL FEES, NO THIRD-PARTY and NO EXTRA CHARGES. With BREET, you can easily convert your Ethereum to cash with no risks involved. Step Two: Sign up/Register:
You have selected a suitable exchange platform, next, you have to create an account. Below are the steps you’ll normally come across in an exchange platform. After you’ve done these, you would need to verify your email address. To do this, an email will be sent to the email address provided and you’ll then follow the instructions as stated in the email. Step Three – Deposit Ethereum:
Of course, to sell your Ethereum, you will need to deposit it into your wallet. To do this, you would need to generate an ETH wallet address. This wallet address is somewhat like your regular bank account number. You send it to the sender and receive your Ethereum in it after a couple of confirmations from the blockchain. An Ethereum transaction usually takes between a few seconds to ten (10) minutes to complete. For faster processing, you can choose a higher network fee. A network fee is a transaction fee incurred when you send cryptocurrency from one address to another. I guess you can say it is kind of like bank transfer charges when you transfer money between banks. This step is also quite crucial. When depositing Ethereum into your wallet, you need to double-check and verify it. Why? If you send the wrong crypto into your ETH wallet, it will be lost forever and cannot be recovered. Your Ethereum wallet allows you to receive Ethereum from anywhere in the world. Step Four- Sell Ethereum:
At this stage, your transaction has been completed and your Ethereum is now reflected in your crypto wallet. Using a peer-to-peer exchange platform, you would need to search for a buyer willing to purchase your ETH, but with BREET, your cryptocurrency is automatically converted to the Naira equivalent, which you can then withdraw to your local bank account.  Things To Consider When Selling ETH When selecting the best to trade Ethereum in Nigeria, there are a few factors to consider. Is now a good time to sell Ethereum? Although no one can predict the future, the market may be attentively examined. Look at the overall trends, how Ethereum has changed in recent weeks and months, and whether any upgrades are on the way, among other things. Follow crypto news in Nigeria to have a better understanding of the cryptocurrency industry and make an informed choice. Take-home point, it is never a good or bad time to buy or sell bitcoins. You are expected to DYOR (Do Your Own Research). Conclusion Selling your ETH should be easy and stress-free and there are lots of factors you need to take into consideration when taking such a step.