The member representing Ishielu North Constituency in Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Hon. Ali Okechukwu Kizito, on Thursday, said the Speaker Francis Nwifuru and 15 others who were sacked by the federal High court sitting in Abuja for defecting to All Progressives Congress, APC, has no right to invade the assembly complex to illegally declare the seats of three PDP lawmakers vacant. Ali frowned at the attitude of the sacked lawmakers who allegedly approached a judge from the state High Court 3 Abakaliki to obtain a conflicting order to invade the assembly complex. Ali added that the said judge refused to grant them such an order but the said sacked members went ahead and conducted a kangaroo sitting and declared seats of three PDP lawmakers vacant. The lawmaker made this known in a statement signed and made available to journalists in Abakaliki capital of Ebonyi state on Thursday. The statement reads in parts: “On March 8, 2022, the whole of Ebonyi State erupted in spontaneous jubilation as the news of the removal from office of The former speaker Ebonyi State House of Assembly Rt. Hon. Francis Ogbonna Nwifuru and other 15 former members should vacate their office for illegally occupying their office after their defection to All progressive congress APC spread across the country. “A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja had, in a suit filed to challenge the continued stay in office of these Former Honorable Members after their defection to the APC, in suit No. FHC/CS/1041/2021 between Peoples Democratic Party vs Independent National Electoral Commission & 20 Ors that they had illegally occupied the offices after their defection. “In other words, and by the operation of the law, The former Speaker Francis Ogbonna Nwifuru and the 15 former lawmakers, effectively resigned their positions perhaps in pursuit of loftier political objectives but instead of pursuing what is after them, they went on in attempt to get conflicting order at High court 3 Abakaliki which was refused by the judge went on a kangaroo and unconstitutional arrangement born out of illegality and sat with his co former Honorable member declaring my seat and 2 other members of the State house of Assembly vacant on the ground that we resigned our position which is not true and has no backing of the law as such arrangement is illegal, criminally minded and misleading the public. “I wish to reassure my constituents of my unflinching commitment to same and further promise to do all that is legally possible to ensure that every resident of my constituency is not only free, but enjoys a conducive environment for business and pleasure. The battle to rescue the Ebonyi State House Of Assembly from tyranny and oppression has only just begun and I must brace up to confront the evil and narcissistic elements in the land headlong. With God on my side and your unflinching support, victory is already in sight. “It is of utmost important to note that we are 8 members of Ebonyi State House of Assembly today going by the court verdicts as the other 15 former members including the former speaker had resigned their position and that made their seats vacant for defecting from PDP to APC and these members of the House of Assembly and members of PDP are on a serious mission to reposition the house of Assembly and our God given State salt of the Nation. “I remains the Honorable Member Representing the good people of Ishielu North Constituency and did not nor will ever resign my position which is the confidence bestowed on me by the good people of Ishielu North constituency which cannot be taking for granted and my seat thereto is intact as I vouch to ensure an adequate representation. “I note with utter dismay the unruly and irresponsible manner the erstwhile Speaker and his other 15 former House members parade themselves even when it is not within the purview of the Law as same action and in action of the said former speaker is born out of illegality. “I urge my Constituents to remain calm even in the face of continued brazen provocation and continue to discountenance the chicanery of these lawless crew. They will soon be history. My Constituents and indeed Ebonyians should note that Ex-Speaker and other 15 former members have neither been granted any stay of execution of the declaratory orders of the court nor have they successfully appealed the judgement. “All they have done is to apply for a stay of execution and file a notice of appeal; neither of which can act as a stay of execution. Similarly, the different court papers emanating from some state high courts cannot and do not confer any imprimatur of a stay of execution as I and my dear colleagues remain the only recognized and Lawful Present Honorable Members of Ebonyi State House of Assembly,” he said.