Kaduna residents are currently grappling with worsened economic situation, occasioned by the epileptic power supply, banditry, unemployment, fuel scarcity and hike in price of foodstuffs. DAILY POST observation showed that several businesses are shutting down, especially as the fuel crisis worsens. Worst hit are those engaging in petty businesses like barbing salon, grinding machine operators, cabs and commercial buses. Farmers are not free from the situation, with repeated threats from bandits, who have taken over most of the farm settlements. According to Mr. Moses Adejo, “I worked with the United Nigeria Textiles Limited (UNTL), for 30 years. When it folded up in 2007, I was paid N1.6million. I bought seven shops in Kakuri Market, three motorcycles, four grinding engines and a taxi. “Today, I have nothing, as the State Government first demolished the market, my motorcycles were stolen; even the grinding machines are no longer in operation because fuel is already a scarce commodity.” He said when the UNTL was reopened in 2015, he was re-employed, but the company terminated their appointment when it finally collapsed in 2021, following scarcity of raw materials and hike in foreign exchange rate. Alhaji Abdullahi Adamu, who also spoke to DAILY POST, on Thursday, amidst tears, recalled that he used to travel to Mecca yearly. “As a fuel dealer, I had office at the main entrance of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), and supplied fuel to various filling stations in the 23 local government areas of Kaduna State. I made huge amount of money daily. “But as the refinery collapsed, I sold all my trucks to feed my family. As if that was not enough, I sold all my houses, leaving only my residential building. “This year, 2022, I was tempted to sell my residential building because my son could not graduate from tertiary institution because of school fees, but help came to me through my in-law. The situation I am facing now, only God will help me.” Madam Grace Amos, a 60-year-old landlady, who resides in Barnawa Kaduna, said for the past two years, her tenants have not paid their rents, as they complained of bad economic situation. Also lamenting, the proprietor of Goodness Model School, Kakuri-Kaduna, Dr. Amos Kachima, said he had 200 students in his school, but they were now reduced to 50, adding that even those in school were still owing last term school fees. He said the moment any of them is sent home, the person would never return. “What is happening in Kaduna State today has never happened since I came to Kaduna in 1968. “The most worrisome part of it is the high rate of abduction for ransom. The criminals, in some cases, collect the money and still kill the victim. “This is not the first time we are experiencing fuel scarcity in Kaduna, but it never lingered this long. It is also the same situation with power supply. “In my school, students used to pay their fees in advance. Today, a student now owes two term school fees. If you send him home, the parents will advise him to start learning handwork,” he lamented.