The Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Mai Mala Buni, has approved sub-committees for the March 26th APC National Convention. Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State and a former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, and others were named in the sub-committees. A list of the various sub-committees as approved by Buni was released on Thursday by Senator John James Akpanudoedehe, the National Secretary of the party’s CECPC. Senator Akpanudoedehe in his brief communique stated that under-listed and approved sub-committees supersede any and every other list in circulation. Below is the full list of chairmen, deputy chairmen, and secretaries of the various sub-committees for the party’s 2022 National Convention: Central Coordinating H.E. (Hon.) Mai Mala Buni – Chairman
Sen. John James Akpanudoedehe Ph.D. – Secretary Secretariat
Abdullahi Yusuf Gashu’a – Chairman
Barr. Dare Oketade – Secretary Screening H.E. Gov. Abdulrazak Abdulrahman – Chairman
H.E. (Sen.) Andy Ubah – Deputy Chairman
Barr. Shuaibu Aruwa SAN – Secretary Screening Appeal H.E. Gov. Hope Uzodimma – Chairman
Dr. Danjuma Adamu Dabo – Secretary Elections/Planning
H.E. Gov. Dapo Abiodun – Chairman
Sen. Bassey Otu – Deputy Chairman
Chief Ikechi Emenike – Secretary Elections Appeal
H.E. Gov. Aminu Masari – Chairman
H.E. Barr. M.K Abubakar – Deputy Chairman, Barr. Moses Okezie – Secretary Legal AGF Abubakar Malami SAN – Chairman Chief Niyi Akintola SAN – Deputy Chairman, Barr. Juliet Ibekaku – Secretary Accommodation, H.E. Gov. Bello Matawalle – Chairman Rt. Hon. Oladimeji Bankole – Deputy Chairman, Dr. Zainab Gimba – Secretary Venue/Site Servicing, H.E. Gov. Dave Umahi – Chairman Hon. Mohammed Bello – Deputy Chairman, Sen. Stella Oduah – Secretary Transportation/Logistics, H.E. Gov. Simon Bako Lalong – Chairman Hajiya Sadia Umar Farouk – Deputy Chairman
Hajia Ireti Kingibe – Secretary Media/Publicity, H.E. Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu – Chairman, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode – Deputy Chairman, Hon. Kingsley Fanwo – Secretary Security/Protocol, H.E. Gov. Yahaya Bello – Chairman, Air Marshal Abubakar Sidiq (Rtd.) – Deputy Chairman, Gen. Dahiru Abdulsalam (Rtd.) – Secretary Accreditation, H.E. Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege – Chairman, Rt. Hon. Nkeiruka Onyejeocha Ph.D – Deputy Chairman
Hon. Godwin Afangideh – Secretary Entertainment/Welfare, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase – Chairman, H.E. Nsima Ekere – Deputy Chairman, Ahmed Bala – Secretary Medical, H.E. Gov. Ben Ayade – Chairman, Dr. Emmanuel A. Akabe – Deputy Chairman, Hon. Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu – Secretary Budget, H.E. Gov. Inuwa Yahaya – Chairman, H.E. Chief Niyi Adebayo – Deputy Chairman, Mr. Umana Okon Umana – Secretary Finance, H.E. Gov Badaru Abubakar – Chairman, Hon. Abdullahi Ebilolobo – Deputy Chairman, Sen. Margery Okadigbo – Secretary Accreditation of Volunteers/Diplomats/Diaspora/Observers, H.E. Gov. Umaru Ganduje – Chairman, H.E. Geoffrey Onyema – Deputy Chairman, Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa – Secretary Digital Communication
H.E. Gov. Nasir El-Rufai – Chairman
H.E. Nkem Okeke – Deputy Chairman
Kashifulnuwa Abdulahi – Secretary Convention Legacy and Rapporteurs
H.E. Gov. Babagana U. Zulum – Chairman H.E. Babatunde R. Fashola – Deputy Chairman Prof. Ussiju Medaner – Secretary According to Akpanudoedehe, the approved sub-committees are to begin work immediately. He stressed that as directed by the leader of the party, President Muhammadu Buhari, the March 26th date for the 2022 APC National Convention is sacrosanct. The APC spokesman reiterated the call by President Buhari to all party supporters, members, and leaders to work in unison to ensure a smooth transition to the National Convention. However, there are claims from Buni’s quarters that the committees inaugurated by Governor Sani Bello in the CECPC Chairman’s absence remained the most authentic