Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, met President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday, for a briefing on the Federal Government-Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) negotiation. Ngige told State House correspondents shortly after the meeting that N92billion has been paid as earned allowances and revitalization fees. 2. The Chairman of the Southeast Governors Forum, David Umahi, on Tuesday, assured Igbos that the national leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu will soon be released from DSS detention. Umahi, who made this known in Abakaliki, said he initiated a political dialogue with President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure the immediate release of Nnamdi Kanu from DSS detention. 3. Bandits have wreaked havoc in Matane, hometown of the Secretary to the Niger State Government, Ahmed Ibrahim Matane. The village is in Mashegu Local Government Area of Niger State, which has recorded multiple attacks in recent times. 4. The Trade Union Congress (TUC), has criticised the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, for walking out on the representatives of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) during a meeting in his office in Abuja. The Congress also threw its weight behind members of ASUU, saying it is ready to embark on a solidarity protest. 5. The National Assembly has voted against the provision of special seats for women and moving Value Added Tax (VAT) to the exclusive legislative list. The lawmakers rejected the two provisions during voting on 68 clauses being considered in the ongoing constitutional amendment, on Tuesday. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, left Abuja to London, the United Kingdom, for routine medical checks that will last for a maximum of two weeks. Femi Adesina, presidential spokesman, who announced this in a statement, on Tuesday, said the President would head for the UK after attending a United Nations event in Kenya. 7. The effort of some governors on the All Progressives Congress (APC) platform to persuade President Muhammadu Buhari to drop Senator Abdullahi Adamu as the consensus candidate for the national chairmanship position of the party failed yesterday. The Chairman of the Progressive Governors’ Forum (PGF) and Governor of Kebbi State, Alhaji Atiku Bagudu, yesterday led some APC governors to the Presidential Villa but Buhari turned down their request. 8. The cost of transportation is on the increase across the country following the hike in the pump price of petrol. Motorists still besieged the few filling stations that dispensed PMS in Abuja and neighbouring Nasarawa and Niger States on Tuesday, as many outlets in Nasarawa and other States sold the commodity at N200/litre and above. 9. No fewer than 12 persons have been confirmed burnt to death in an auto crash involving a Toyota Hiace bus and a J5 bus along the Kano-Kaduna expressway, Monday. The spokesman, Kano State Fire Service, Saminu Yusif, who disclosed this, yesterday, said the accident claimed the lives of all passengers on board. 10. Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky urged the European Union on Tuesday to prove that it sided with Ukraine in its war with Russia a day after signing an official request to join the bloc. Zelenskiy told the European Parliament by video link that “Ukraine is going to be much stronger with the European Union with us, that’s for sure. Without you, Ukraine is going to be lonesome.”