There are indications that the Federal Government is deploying all means to placate the striking university lecturers, under the auspices of the Academic Staff Union of Universities ASUU. To this end, the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu has appointed a 7 man team headed by Prof. Emeritus Nimi Briggs-(Pro-Chancellor, Alex Ekwueme Federal University, Ndufu-Alike Ikwo) as Chairman. The new team is to renegotiate the 2009 agreement it had with ASUU. The latest development comes after members of the National Association of Nigerian Students NANS took a protest to the ministry in Abuja to express their displeasure over the strike. DAILY POST reported that the Minister of Education walked out on the students that fateful day, a situation that infuriated some of the protesters. Reconstituting the team, Adamu, noted that there is a need to speedily bring to a conclusion, all outstanding issues in the 2009 agreement in order to achieve the desired industrial peace on our campuses. Other members of the renegotiation committee include Arc. Lawrence Patrick Ngbale-(Pro-Chancellor, Federal University. Wukari -Member (North East), Prof. Funmi Togunu-Bickersteth-(Pro-Chancellor, Federal University, Birnin Kebbi) -Member (South West), Sen. Chris Adighije- (Pro-Chancellor, Federal University. Lokoja -Member (South East), Prof. Olu Obafemi -(Pro-Chancellor, Federal University of Technology, Minna) – Member (North-Central), Prof. Zubairu Iliyasu-(Pro-Chancellor, Kano State University of Science & Technology)-Member (North West) and Barr. Matthew B. Seiyefa, mni-(Pro-Chancellor, Niger Delta University, Wilberforce Island)-Member (South-South) A statement released by the ministry indicated that the team will be inaugurated by the Minister on Monday, the 7th of March, 2022 at the Minister’s Conference room, headquarters of the Federal Ministry of Education, Abuja by 12 noon. It also noted that all advisers and observers in the Federal Government/University-based Unions 2009 agreements Re-negotiation Team are expected to attend the inauguration. Recall that ASUU had embarked on a month-long warning strike to press home demands bothering on universities revitalization funds as well as the implementation of the Integrated personnel Payrolls and Payment Systems IPPIS. Since the strike commenced academic activities in the entire university system in Nigeria have been shut down.