A former Kogi West senatorial aspirant under the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr Toyin Akanle, says the ruling party in Kogi State has performed badly and has no hope of winning in the next governorship election come 2023. Akanle, who is a retired Assistant Director-General, Department of State Services (DSS) disclosed this on Tuesday at a meeting of Team Akanle Political Movement held at Isanlu, headquarters of Yagba East Local Government Area. He argued that the APC is yet to meet the promises made to the people of Kogi State and Nigerians at large, pointing out that, victory for the party is a hard nut to crack as the nation approaches the next general elections. While noting that there are worse stories of the maladministration under the APC regime in Kogi State, He added that no amount of intimidation can silence him from speaking the truth about the government of Kogi State. “That l am a member of the APC, will not close my eyes and mouth. We simply have not done well, period. So being the Party in power is not an automatic joker to in 2023. To win, we will have to import angelic canvassers. “Let the truth be told. And for sure, the threats of their guns cannot shut me up. And for the efforts and attempts currently being made to silence some of us through the barrels of the gun, continue in your search for our location. Your intimidation can only silence cowards. “Death is but once. Those who fear death die several times before the actual death comes. So that you may know that we know,” he said. According to him, the people of Kogi State are currently in a state of dissolution and have never had it too bad in terms of infrastructure, welfare of civil servants and security among others. He pointed out that local government staffers have suffered untold hardship in the current administration with the payment of percentage salary. He stated that the payment of percentage salary to workers at the grassroots has paralyzed businesses at the rural areas which have the largest population. Explaining that the APC electoral fortune is in jeopardy ahead of the 2023 general election, Dr Akanle, a founding member of APC in Kogi, maintained that the lack of genuine reconciliation in APC especially the fall out of the 2019 general elections and the last Ward and Local Government Congresses pose great danger to the party.