Foremost Nigerian nationalist and former Information Minister, Chief Edwin Clark has endorsed Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State for President in the 2023 general election. Clark, who received Umahi in a consultation visit at his Abuja residence, insisted that it was the turn of core Igbos to produce the next President of Nigeria. He called on ethnic nationalities to support Ndigbo to enthrone the likes of Umahi to rescue the nation from collapse. According to him: “When I say I want a president of Nigeria of Igbo extraction, I do not mean someone from Delta or Rivers State or anywhere else safe from a pure southeast Igbo President. “My preferred choice is Igbo. So, my son, I have heard you, I have prayed for you, whatever you deserve, God will grant it for you. “When you defected to APC, I asked why, we all are fighting this cause but if the PDP, we the Igbo served 100% abandoned the Igbos, then we all will abandon the PDP, I have told them already.” He further commended Umahi for the infrastructural accomplishments in Ebonyi State. “You have all the qualities and God will protect you and grant you the grace to achieve all your desires in good health and long life,” he said. Earlier in a remark, Umahi applauded the elder statesman for his blessings and assured him that he would turn around the fortunes of Nigeria if given the opportunity. “I believe that if God shows mercy on this country, He will not bring up a pure professional politician to be the president of Nigeria. Nigeria needs a bit of a business-minded person who also has gone through our nature of politics, and Nigeria needs someone who can engage very properly. “Without engagement, without finding what are the people’s problems, why do you do what you are doing, and without fairness, equity, and justice it will be very difficult for our country to unite. “What we do not know is that both good leaders and bad leaders all come from God. When God is happy with the people, He brings good leaders to them but when He is angry with the people, He gives them bad leaders. So, when people castigate leaders, it is God they are castigating so, we turn our eyes unto God that God needs to show mercy on us,” he stated.