Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has declared that no one remembers the security agencies whenever there is peace in the country. Makinde, who spoke on Thursday in Ibadan, explained that it is only when there are security breaches that people usually query the existence of security agencies in the country. The governor made these disclosures while performing the official ground-breaking of Air Force Base, Ajia, Ibadan. At the event were the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Isiaka Oladayo Amao, Makinde’s deputy, Engineer Rauf Olaniyan and the Deputy Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Hon. Muhammad Abiodun Fadeyi. The governor, who said that security agencies perform thankless job, commended them for stemming the tide of insecurity in the state. Makinde, while speaking further, pledged to donate the sum of Five Hundred Million Naira(N500m), for the construction of the 671 Air Force Base. He said that his government appreciates efforts of the Air Force and other security agencies in fighting against insurgency, banditry, and other security threats in the country. “I already said earlier that the state government will be supporting the building of the Air Force Base with N500m. It is available and we want to see rapid construction start here. So far, the Oyo State Government has been working collaboratively with the various security agencies in the state. “When completed, this new base will improve the operational reach of the Nigerian Air Force in Oyo State and enhance crisis response time. “Let me, at this point, commend the efforts of our military personnel in the fight against insurgency, banditry, and other security threats in various parts of our country. I will always say that our security agencies often perform a thankless job. “No one remembers you when there is peace, but people begin to ask what you were doing once there is a breach. So, let me say thank you.” Amao in his remarks, thanked the state government for providing the Nigerian Air Force with the expanse of land to serve as the permanent site for the construction of structures for the military base. He added that the base would provide a befitting environment for the Unit to perform its roles. “Hitherto, the (Air Force) Detachment had been without a permanent site and personnel of the unit have had to grapple with the challenge of residing in dispersed locations within Ibadan. This situation posed some operational and administrative constraints to the Unit’s disposition.”