The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Osun State has told the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to expect a smashing defeat in the Saturday, July 16, 2022 gubernatorial election. The party said that the PDP has made its job very easy because neither Senator Ademola Adeleke nor Prince Dotun Babayemi can withstand the status of Governor Gboyega Oyetola. This was contained in a statement issued by the party’s Directorate of Publicity, Research and Strategy, and signed by its Director, Kunle Oyatomi, and made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday in Osogbo, the state capital. The statement also added that none of the factional candidates of the PDP can compete or serve as a threat to the reelection of Governor Oyetola. Oyatomi explained that Osun has been a progressive reference in the country and the good people of the state are happy and not ready to allow for a reversal. The party, which expressed confidence that none of the factional candidates of the PDP jostling for the gubernatorial slot has political value to make any serious impact in the race, added that Oyetola will defeat both of them at the polls. According to the statement, “It is as certain as daybreak that the PDP controversial primaries that produced two factional candidates have no doubt marked the beginning of the end of the opposition party, and today, we are serving notice to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as the main opposition party in the state and to expect another round of disheartening defeat in the July 16 gubernatorial election. “With what we have seen so far, PDP is not an alternative to APC; that party is in a big mess. It’s is dogged with crises and won’t be free from it even after July gubernatorial election.” The party stressed that the entire citizenry of Osun has seen the difference between the PDP and the development-driven progressive-led administration in the state. The party, which welcomed whoever becomes the authentic PDP gubernatorial candidate between Senator Ademola Adeleke and Prince Dotun Babayemi, added that comparing PDP to APC administration was like comparing hellfire with paradise. Oyatomi assured Osun APC members that the party has the best product to sell to the good people of Osun and it is confident that Oyetola, as their candidate, will win the July 16 gubernatorial election freely and fairly.