A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former senatorial aspirant of the party in Cross River State, Chief Ray Morphy, has said that the Governor of Niger State, Abubakar Bello, inspired the national convention of the party that produced Senator Abdulahi Adamu as national chairman. In a statement the APC chieftain issued on Saturday in Abuja, Morphy said for every event, there is always a trigger, adding that the history of the just concluded APC’s national convention cannot be written without the pivotal role of Bello. Morphy, a member of the National Convention Media Sub Committee, said without the drive and dedication of the dynamic of Bello, APC may not have achieved the success that every party member is proud of. He noted that Bello demonstrated courage, the spirit of sacrifice, loyalty, selflessness, love and togetherness in his commitment towards delivering a successful and rancour-free APC national convention. Morphy said, “Recall that preparation for the APC National Convention was in a lull, until, Governor Sani Bello, who also doubled as the Chairman, North Central Governors Forum, took over as the Acting Chairman of CECPC, on 3rd March 2022, following the absence of Governor Mai Mala Buni on medical grounds.” He added that Bello’s subsequent actions became the catalyst that propelled the APC Convention. He said It should be placed on record that, immediately he took over, he reinforced the inevitability of holding the Convention on 26th March 2022. He stressed that the declaration came at a time of huge uncertainties for the party, and became the needed vitality for members, who committed and redoubled their efforts towards a successful Convention. Morphy added, “Upon stepping in, he immediately swung into actions geared towards achieving the set date for the National Convention. Some of the actions he took were the inauguration of State Chairmen of the Party, adoption of zoning formula from the Zoning Committee, adoption of some relevant documents and inauguration of sub-committees for the National Convention among others. “Governor Sani Bello received accolades from the CECPC Chairman Mala Buni upon his return from the medical trip as he was satisfied with the level of preparations towards the Convention, thereby validating all that was done under the leadership of Governor Sani Bello.” Morphy noted that Bello was again given the responsibility of ensuring smooth preparations for the event, a task he diligently carried out successfully as he was at the Eagle Square, venue of the event at different dates to see to the progress of preparations. He stressed that the efforts can be said to be worthwhile as the desired result of a successful and rancour-free National Convention had been achieved.