The flagbearer of the Young Progressive Party (YPP) in the November 6, 2021 governorship election held in Anambra State, Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, has urged the newly sworn-in governor of the state, Professor Charles Soludo, to make security and economic development core points of his administration. Ubah described Soludo’s inauguration as 5th Governor of the State, as a milestone in the history of the state, which underscored the beginning of a new era. DAILY POST recalls that Soludo was sworn in, on Friday, by the State Chief judge, Justice Onochie Anyachebelu at exactly 9:45am, at the Anambra State Government House. Reacting, Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, who currently represents Anambra South Senatorial district at the National Assembly, in a statement forwarded to DAILY POST on Sunday, reminded Soludo that the responsibility of building hope and restoring peace and stability across the state now lies on his shoulders as governor , adding that it behooved on the new governor to reciprocate the support of the people by doubling his efforts to enthrone good governance, economic acceleration, security and accountability to the people of Anambra State who according to him, invested their trust and confidence in him. According to him, the sole duty of every government is to create an enabling environment for businesses to thrive and for citizens to go about their lawful duties. He regretted that Anambra has lost a lot of lives and witnessed an outflux of investors and diaspora stakeholders who are eager to meaningfully contribute to the growth of our local economy, hence further necessitated the urgent need to make security a paramount focus of his administration. Ubah noted that Anambra State is a land of opportunities, as citizens of the state expect him to extend hand of fellowship and synergize with members of the national assembly on issues that will attract development to the state. He also reminded Soludo that responsibility is bestowed upon him now to correct the ills of the previous administration and ensure that Anambra remains a centre of opportunities and growth for everyone, and a place where citizens can achieve their dreams and aspirations. “The work starts now! It’s time to write your name in gold. As we commit the entire leadership and citizenry of Anambra State into the safe hands of the almighty God, on whose shoulder, the governance of our dear state has rested from the inception, it is my earnest prayer that God bestows on you the wisdom to take our state to the highest of heights. I trust that you will work assiduously for the improved welfare of ndi Anambra.” Senator Ubah, therefore, on behalf of his family and the good people of Anambra South senatorial district of the state congratulate Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo and Dr Gilbert Onyekachukwu Ibezim as they assumed office as Governor and Deputy Governor of Anambra State.