A Magistrate Court sitting in Enugu, the Coal City capital, has revoked an earlier bail it granted to one Mr. Remigius Nwaju over the alleged murder of his wife. The Court, presided over by His Worship Ngozi Ede-Ani had on March 15, 2022, granted bail to the accused person who is standing murder trial. Nwaju was arraigned by the police for allegedly stabbing his wife to death in their apartment at the Abakpa-Nike area of the State. When the case came up yesterday, the Magistrate revoked the bail earlier granted to the accused person. The defendant’s counsel, Odumegwu Adinike, Esq, had earlier reminded the court that the defendant was granted bail on the 15 of March, 2022, in the exercise of the court’s discretion, as well as the defendant’s fundamental right. He said the bail conditions were perfected by the defendant on the 16th of March, 2022, and that they had since perfected the conditions, awaiting the magistrate’s signature. The defense counsel further submitted that the filing of proof of information by the office of the Director of Public Prosecution, DPP, Ministry of Justice, Enugu, when bail had been granted to the defendant, cannot stand as a stay against the bail. He finally submitted that the essence of bail was to enable the defendant to face his trial. However, in a counter argument, the Police Prosecutor, Inspector Reuben Ihejiobi told the court that the bail granted the defendant was made in error and should be revoked. The Prosecutor cited section 88(a) of the Administration of Criminal Justice Law, Enugu State 2017, which gave only the High Court, the original jurisdiction to grant bail in offences punishable by death. He, therefore, urged the court to quash the earlier bail granted the defendant on the grounds that the court lacked the jurisdiction to grant such, coupled with the fact that information had been filed by the office of the DPP. In a short ruling, the Magistrate, Ngozi Ede-Ani, resolved the issues raised by both counsels in the favour of the prosecution. The court held that a bail bond is never complete without the signature of the Magistrate. It ruled that the earlier bail granted to the defendant, Mr. Remigius Nwaju, stands revoked.