“Beyond sentiments, I have a strong liking for Akase as I have keenly watched his political engagements and observed that he is out for politics devoid of bitterness,” someone recently remarked about my principal, Mr Terver Akase, a prominent Benue State governorship aspirant on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP platform. Generally, politics in Africa and Nigeria in particular is often described as a dirty game. This is because often times, the political actors indulge in mudslinging, name calling, character assassination among others and that Akase a seasoned journalist turned politician, has brought finesse to bear on his unique style of politicking is not lost on every close observer of the political climate. In his style of politicking, Akase relates freely with everyone devoid of partisan affiliations. He believes that friendship transcends partisan undercurrents. Akase is a complete gentleman whose personality appeals to all, devoid of partisanship and he has consistently advocated the ideals that are tailored towards the path of collective participation to build on the foundation of Benue State as laid by its past and present leaders. Unveiling his manifesto recently, Akase affirmed the sacrifices made by leaders of the state thus: “permit me to salute past and serving leaders of Benue State since its creation in 1976. Indeed, the past and present leaders of the State have individually and collectively made enormous contributions, towards laying a foundation for Benue. “In particular, may I single out and acknowledge the patriotic leadership service of the former civilian Governors of the State, their Excellencies Chief Apollos Aper Aku, Rev. Fr. Moses Adasu, Senator Dr George Akume, Senator Dr Gabriel Suswam and the incumbent Governor Samuel Ortom, all of whom in their governance approaches, have sustained the foundation of the State and made commendable impact in diverse spheres towards taking Benue to greater heights.” Such a statement from Akase is a clear demonstration of a leader who acknowledges what others have done in the office he is aspiring to serve. Very unlike some politicians who unjustly castigate and consciously smear the reputation of those before them in any office. Acknowledging his exposure to the political ecosystem, Akase maintained that “I owe Governor Ortom immense gratitude for finding me worthy and appointing me as his Chief Press Secretary on two occasions – 2016 and 2019. My six years in his administration enabled me to study and understand the workings of government. … I commend the Governor’s courageous and inspiring leadership as well as the unflinching passion for turning around the fortunes of the State to achieve socio-economic transformation.” Such a rare display of political maturity. Clearly, Terver Akase has distinguished himself by demonstrating that politics can be played in a decent and dignified manner. This, he has done through his engagements with the people ever since he began his governorship consultations with stakeholders across the state. While he served for six years as Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Akase left an unblemished record of service. Journalists who worked with him and many pundits have attested that Akase raised the bar of professionalism and excellence on the job and has become a reference point on modern image management. His grasp of issues and display of emotional intelligence as well as calm mien in the face of provocation, has been adjudged as rare attributes that endeared him to many as a spokesperson. In his bid to fly the PDP gubernatorial flag in next year’s general election, Akase has been consulting beyond partisan spectrum, sharing his vision why he should be trusted with the people’s mandate to govern Benue State. Here too, he has displayed exemplary character as he has been canvassing support persuasively on the strength of issue based politics which has been a pathway for his teeming supporters across the state. The friendship, brotherliness and sense of camaraderie Akase enjoys with his fellow guber aspirants is second to none, as he sees everyone as having the same interest to contribute to the development of the state although with different approaches. He has clearly stated his approach as encapsulated in his manifesto “Benue’S WEALTH Template” which has been lauded as a solid development oriented vision accessible at the campaign website: www.terverakase.com. Akase represents the generation of modern day politicians who relate with people not minding the language they speak, their faith or where they come from as can be seen in the composition of his gubernatorial campaign team whose members cut across all parts of the state. He is not a class conscious person and has shown the difference as he is also readily accessible. As the 2023 guber race gradually gathers momentum, Benue people have a credible option in Terver Akase whose leadership attributes are unmistakable, matched with proven competence and people-centred disposition to good governance. *Iyaha is Special Assistant on Media to the Guber Aspirant. For details, log onto: www.terverakase.com Follow us on Twitter: @Akase4Governor Reach us via: support@terverakase.com for suggestions and inquiries