Professional Town Planners have posited that public awareness on the importance of good planning and policies will save the government of Nigeria and its citizens from many losses. According to them, good planning in cities, towns and villages would help in reducing disasters like fire accidents, flooding and others. The experts spoke at the 8th Waheed Kadiri Annual lecture, held at Nigerian Institute of Town Planners, Ogun State Secretariat, Abeokuta. Taibat Lawanson, a Professor at the Department of Urban and Regional Planning, University of Lagos, noted that the review of the curriculum will facilitate future town planners to have up-to-date knowledge in the field. Lawnson added that regular training is vital to remain relevant in the profession in line with global standards. Speaking as a guest speaker on the theme, ‘The Future of Urban Planning in Nigeria: Rethinking Planning Education and Practice’, the don stressed that there is an urgent need to create public awareness on the reason to carry out and follow a good town planning system in order to form an accommodating human settlement. She further said planners should make the doors of the profession open to people who can fit in, while also calling for advocacy on town planning. She said, “There is a need for significant curriculum review and the development of modus that respond to global challenges and our local realities. “We need to change how we teach and set our skills beyond design to critical thinking, policy analysis and public engagement. “We need to recover lost ground by actively engaging the political system to ensure the establishment of the national planning commission. “The domestication of planning law where they are not currently in existence and the institution of local planning committee and we have to recognise that our work can only be successful when we engage the politicians pro-actively, we need to sponsor more planners into political offices so that at least, when the compensations are being made, those who have the knowledge can contribute to those compensations. “We need to respond to global changes in knowledge and city development practices. “We must expand the scope of the profession to allow for uptake and specialisation as well as more entrepreneurial pathways.” In his remarks, Waheed Kadiri maintained that bridging the gap between knowledge of town planning and the people is essential at this time. Kadiri, who was the former president of Nigerian Institute of Town Planners (NITP), further said, “Most people in governance see planning as a source of revenue generation, but I see planning as a way of saving revenue, or saving what you pay for things you should have done. “For example, if you have good alignment of roads, accidents will reduce, fire disasters coming from one house and razing like 20 shanties will not be there. Therefore, you are even saving the government some money. That is what planning is about. The two-time former rector of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta, however, called for advocacy of the profession.