Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Aspirants opposed to the consensus arrangement made ahead of the All Progressives Congress (APC) convention are free to contest, according to Governor Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State. Bagudu, who is chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, said this while briefing reporters after President Muhammadu Buhari’s meeting with governors. 2. Governors elected under the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, have said they are working towards the process to produce consensus candidates ahead of the March 26th National Convention. The chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum (PGF) and Governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu, said this Wednesday after meeting with Buhari. 3. Seventy-five people kidnapped from Yar Katsina community, in Kekun Waje district of Bungudu Local Government Area of Zamfara State have been released by their captors, Daily Trust gathered. The freed residents were abducted in two major attacks on the community in the past two months. 4. The Commissioner of Police in Ogun State, Lanre Bankole, has revealed how a hunter, Saheed Ogundahun, killed a herdsman in Ewekoro Local Government Area and buried the corpse on his farm. Mr Bankole disclosed this while parading the suspect, alongside 14 others arrested for kidnapping, robbery and murder at the State’s police headquarters, Eleweran, Abeokuta. 5. An Ado-Ekiti High Court, on Wednesday, sentenced one Tunmise Abraham to death by hanging for raping and killing his landlady, Bukola Olanrewaju. Abraham was found guilty of raping and killing his landlady at Olorunda Zone 7, Adebayo area of Ado-Ekiti sometime in 2019. 6. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Wednesday raised the alarm that its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, is going through severe torture in the hands of the Department of State Services, DSS, in Abuja. IPOB also accused the DSS of flagrant abuse of Mazi Kanu’s human rights, torture, and denying him access to his religious materials since his alleged abduction from Kenya. 7. The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Wednesday, fixed April 11 to deliver judgement in a suit the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, filed to declare the seat of the former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Yakubu Dogara, vacant, following his defection to the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. 8. The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, has cautioned indigenes and residents of the town protesting against the appointment of a non-native as the vice-chancellor of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife. The monarch also assured workers and students of the institution of safety of lives and property. 9. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Wednesday evening released a former governor of Anambra State on an administrative bail. An official of the commission, who confirmed the development, disclosed that Obiano’s “passport was seized by the anti-graft agency as part of his bail conditions.” 10. Governors elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, said yesterday that Nigeria is collapsing under the care of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. They noted that life was better under the PDP administrations from 1999 to 2015 than it was currently under the APC, adding that Nigerians were undergoing terrible pain and hardship in all aspects of life.