The immediate past Speaker of Zamfara State House of Assembly, Sanusi Garba Rikiji has declared his intention to run for the Zamfara Central Senatorial district seat ahead of the upcoming by-election in the state. Recall, a vacancy for the Zamfara Central Senatorial position was recently created with the selection of Senator Hassan Muhammad Nasiha who adequately represented the area as the Deputy Governor of the state. Rikiji who served as the Speaker of the state House of Assembly for two terms of four years was until his declaration for the senatorial position the Chief of Staff to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila. He officially visited the state APC Headquarters in Gusau, to as a mark of respect announce his interest in the position. He told the state APC executives under the Chairmanship of Tukur Umar Danfulani that he wants to occupy the senate seat to further contribute his quota to the political and socio-economic growth of the state. The former speaker also explained that he intends to add quality to the good representation that past senators had made at the national assembly as well as assist and support the efforts of governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle MON in the face of security challenges confronting the state while also joining the governor in the making of a new Zamfara. He thanked the party leaders in the state for the reception given him and pledged his continued loyalty to the party and its leadership for the growth and development of the state. Responding, the Zamfara State APC Chairman, Tukur Umar Danfulani expressed happiness in the way the aspirant followed due process in declaring his good intention. Danfulani who wished his guest the best in his ambition noted that as leaders of the party who have vowed to be fair and just to all its loyal members, the party will leave its doors wide open for all interested and qualified members to contest for the position. He further said, Zamfara people deserve the best representation and the party will align with the people to ensure that the best person is supported to the senate on their behalf.