Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Airline operators in Nigeria have threatened to shut down operations in three days if the price of aviation fuel, popularly known as Jet-A1, is not brought down. They called on the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Ltd to give them a licence to import the product in order to avert the shutdown. 2. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has taken a swipe at his Edo State counterpart, Godwin Obaseki, calling him a politician fond of the serial betrayal of those who helped to advance his political aspiration. Wike made the accusation at the inauguration of the Community Secondary School, Omuanwa in Ikwerre LGA of the State on Monday. 3. The Nigerian students trapped in Kherson, Ukraine, say their lives are in serious danger as Russian forces have taken over the town. The Head of the International Students’ Union in Kherson, Jerry Kenny, who spoke on behalf of the students, said only a ceasefire agreement between the two warring countries could make them leave the city unhurt. 4. Ramatu Yakubu Kyari, wife of the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari, slumped shortly after a Federal High Court, Abuja, adjourned the bail application of her husband till March 28, 2022. 5. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), yesterday, extended their warning strike by two months. The decision followed a meeting by the National Executive Council of the union in Abuja. 6. One Osondu Igwilo, who had been on the watch list of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI, since 2018, has been arrested by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, in Lagos. 7. The Association of Power Generation Companies (APGC) has blamed poor management of the grid by the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) as one of the factors responsible for low power generation in the country. The GenCos said most of the turbines have been damaged by inefficient management of the grid. 8. The Nigeria Police, Zone 2, comprising Lagos and Ogun, on Monday, disclosed that it has arrested eleven persons in connection with the gruesome murder of Olu of Agodo, in Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State, Oba Odetola Olajide Ayinde. 9. The Nigeria Police has declared a report alleging that some members of the force will be embarking on strike from March 26, 2022, over salary as fake news. A statement by Muyiwa Adejobi, Public Relations Officer, described the report as a mischievous attempt by unscrupulous individuals to bring the Force to disrepute, misinform the general public and heat up the polity. 10. Nigeria’s energy crisis, on Monday, took a multiple dimension as Agip announced a halt in oil export at its 25,000 barrels per day (bpd) Brass export terminal in Bayelsa. This was sequel to a blast at its facility, which could trigger a $2.84 million (about N1.2 billion) daily oil export loss.