The Nigeria Customs Service, Federal Operations Unit, Zone ‘C’ (FOUC), has intercepted unregistered pharmaceutical products including tramadol as well as other contraband goods with a Duty Paid Value of N529,056,456 million between January 1st and February 28th, 2022. The FOUC Comptroller, Mr Ali Ibrahim disclosed this while showcasing the seized items on Thursday in Owerri, Imo State capital. Ibrahim added that six suspects were arrested during the period under review adding that they had been granted administrative bail. He also said 640 cartons of unregistered pharmaceuticals worth N192 million, conveyed in a DAF heavy-duty truck and one J5 transit bus was intercepted along the Okada/Benin axis. He added that 1,650 bales of used clothing valued at N165 million were intercepted along the Umuikaa/Aba road while 181 50kg bags of foreign parboiled rice worth over N7.2 million were intercepted along the Akwa-Ibom/Calabar axis. Also intercepted were 2,239 pieces of used pneumatic tyres valued at N4.5 million and 36,000 litres of smuggled petroleum products concealed in polyethene bags, worth N3.6 million. Others include eight exotic vehicles without relevant customs documents including three Toyota Hilux of 2017, 2020 and 2021 models; one Land Cruiser Prado 2016 model; one Toyota Highlander 2014 and one Toyota Venza 2016 model among others. He thanked the Comptroller-General of Customs, Col. Hameed Ali (Rtd) and his management team for their unwavering support and motivation while commiserating with families and loved ones of four officers who died while on duty. According to him, the Service is synergising with other security agencies to ensure the continued safety of its officers and men. “We thank the management of the Nigeria Customs Service led by our Comptroller-General without whom these noteworthy achievements would not have been possible. “I also commend our officers and men for their patriotic commitment to duty even in the face of unprovoked attacks and sympathize with families and loved ones of our officers who paid the supreme price; may their souls rest in peace. “Similarly, I urge all economic saboteurs to turn new leaves from their illegal business, as we are more resolute to ensure untiring implementation of Government’s fiscal policy within our areas of coverage without any deterrence”, he said.