The Zamfara State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has joined others in congratulating the newly elected national leadership of the party under its leader, Senator Abdullahi Adamu. The state chairman of the party, Hon. Tukur Umar Danfulani, expressed confidence in the ability of the new executives to continue to move the party forward with new innovations and ideas as God has blessed the new crop of leaders with the youth and elders which will blend new ideas with experience. This was contained in a press statement signed and issued to newsmen in Gusau, the state capital, by the State Publicity Secretary of the party, Malam Yusuf Idris Gusau. Danfulani also commended President Muhammadu Buhari; the outgone National Caretaker Chairman of the party’s Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, His Excellency, Hon. Mai Mala Buni, his team and all that contributed in making the just concluded national convention a big success. “With Senator Abdullahi Adamu as the party’s National Chairman, internal democracy and party supremacy will be the guiding tools and the party will become stronger and more formidable,” he said. The chairman also expressed satisfaction in the serene conduct of Zamfara State’s delegates under the leadership of His Excellency, Hon. Bello Mohammed Matawalle and fully supported by other leaders including Sen. Ahmad Sani Yariman Bakura, Alh. Mahmud Aliyu Shinkafi, Mallam Ibrahim Wakkala Muhammad, Hon. Muktar Ahmad Anka, Ambassador Bashir Yuguda Gusau. Others include General Mansur Muhammad Dan-Ali(rtd), Hon.Sani Abdullahi Shinkafi, Hon. Aminu Sani Jaji, Hon. Sanusi Garba Rikiji and Honourable Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq. The party equally acknowledged the efforts of the state Deputy Governor, Senator Hassan Muhammad Nasiha; Senator Sahabi Ya’u Kaura, Senator Lawal Hassan Dan-Iya, Speaker Zamfara State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Nasiru Maazu Magarya and Members of the National and State Assemblies who contributed in one way or the other before during and after the convention. He prayed for a successful tenure for the new national leaders to whom he also assured unflinching loyalty, support and cooperation from the Zamfara chapter of the party.