Two Nigerians excreted 165 wraps of cocaine after their arrest at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), NAN reports. Head of Media, Femi Babafemi made this known in a statement on Sunday. The drug traffickers are Elvis Uche Iro, 53, and Uwaezuoke Ikenna Christian, 42. Elvis, is a father of four children and hails from Abiriba, Ohafia local government area of Abia State. He was nabbed on March 19 upon his arrival via Ethiopian Airline flight from Addis Ababa for ingesting 65 pellets of cocaine weighing 1.376kg. The suspect claimed he’s an interior decorator but delved into trafficking because he needed money to start a coffee business, take care of family and stock his new shop in Lagos. Elvis disclosed that he would have been paid $1,000 on successful delivery of the drug in Abuja. Christian was also arrested on arrival for ingesting 100 pellets of cocaine with a total weight of 2.243kg. The native of Ojoto, Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State, baby clothes before venturing into drug trafficking. He recalled travelling to Addis Ababa on March 17 to buy the drug for $10,000 and returned on March 19 when he was caught. The suspect said he sold his land in the village and took loans from friends to be able to raise money to buy the drug. Christian claimed he wanted to raise money for his business after being duped of $15,000 by his friend who lives in China. Also, narcotic officers of the Directorate of Operation and General Investigation (DOGI) intercepted substantial quantities of Methamphetamine, Cocaine, and Cannabis sativa. The drugs were packaged for export to Australia, China, Qatar, Ireland and Thailand through some courier companies in Lagos. While 2.9kg of Methamphetamine in packs of black soap and toner machine heading to Australia and Qatar was intercepted, 600grams of Cocaine concealed in school certificates and file folders going to Australia and Thailand were equally seized. Also, 25.5kg cannabis concealed in packs of Dudu Osun soap and tins of palm fruit extracts (banga) heading to China and Ireland was also seized at a courier company in Lagos.