President Muhammadu Buhari has reacted to Monday’s night Abuja-Kaduna train attacks, saying like many Nigerians he is deeply pained by the sad development. Buhari who said the latest incident would be the second of such attacks noted that a directive has been issued to security chiefs to hunt down the terrorists and rescue those abducted. Recall that over 900 passengers on board the ill-fated train fell victims, with a medical doctor and the Secretary-General of the Trade Union Congress TUC, Musa Lawal confirmed dead from the attacks. In his reaction, Buhari said he has directed the immediate conclusion of all the processes for the implementation of the integrated security surveillance and monitoring solution for the Abuja to Kaduna railway line and that it should be extended to cover the Lagos-Ibadan railway line. The presidency also directed the Nigerian Railway Corporation management to speedily repair the damaged lines and resume normal service without delay. These directives came shortly after the President received briefs from the Service Chiefs led by the Chief of Defence Staff, General Lucky Irabor, with the Chief of Army Staff, Lt-General Faruk Yahaya, the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Isiaka Amao, the Inspector General of Police, Usman Baba, as well as Major General Samuel Adebayo, the Chief of Defence Intelligence and the Director-General of the Department of State Services, DSS, Yusuf Magaji Bichi in the State House. Buhari also tasked the law enforcement chiefs to bring back all passengers kidnapped and ensure that each of the callous terrorists are hunted down and made to face justice for their heinous acts as no one or group should be allowed to make the country prostrate. “The military must deal ruthlessly with terrorists, they should be more decisive and not spare anyone unlawfully wielding the AK 47 weapon. “No one should be allowed to hold the country to ransom,” the President stated through his media aide, Garba Shehu.
President Buhari also condemned the bombing of the passenger train, describing it as a “matter of grave concern.” “Like most Nigerians, I am deeply pained by its occurrence, the second of its type, which has resulted in the death of a yet to be determined number of passengers and others who suffered injuries. “The attack on the train, a safe means of transport to many, is callous; and our thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers for the injured,” he said.