Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the death of Oluwabamise Ayanwole, the 22-year-old tailor who got missing while on board a BRT bus. The command’s spokesperson, CSP Adekunle Ajisebutu, in a statement on Monday, said Ayanwole’s corpse was found on Carter Bridge, Lagos Island. 2. The Romanian Ministry of Education has offered the Nigerian students leaving Ukraine, due to crisis, to study in their universities. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Amb Gabriel Aduda, stated this in a tweet. 3. The Hijrah Council of Nigeria has called on Muslim police women across the country not to feel intimidated to wear hijab on their uniforms. The position of the council followed the recent approval by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Usman Alkali Baba, permitting the use of hijab on police uniforms. 4. Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo says safe return of Nigerians displaced by the insurgency in the North-East from Cameroon, Niger and Chad will be treated as an emergency assignment. He said this yesterday at the first meeting of the Presidential Committee on the Repatriation, Returns and Resettlement of Displaced Persons in the North East. 5. The driver of the Bus Rapid Transit, BRT, where Oluwabamise Ayanwole, a 22-year-old tailor, got missing, has been arrested. The Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Adekunle Ajisebutu, confirmed this yesterday. 6. Ukraine on Monday sought an emergency order from the United Nations’ highest court to halt hostilities on its territory. It argued that Russia which boycotted the hearing had falsely applied genocide law to justify its invasion. 7. The Federal Government has urged the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) to advise its affiliate, the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to abide by the provisions of the Trade Disputes Act and call off its ongoing strike. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige stated this in Lagos yesterday. 8. Against the backdrop of ongoing fuel scarcity in the country, the National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS, has constituted a task force to monitor sale and distribution of the product. This came as the students’ body vowed not to allow any price increment, warning that such an attempt would compel it to mobilise against proponents of such idea. 9. The Yoruba Nation activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, fondly called Sunday Igboho, has been released by the Beninese Government. The activist was said to have been released, on Monday, to the leader of Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, Professor Banji Akintoye and a French Language Expert, Professor Wale Adeniran. 10. The simmering leadership crisis rocking the APC for several months took a different dimension on Monday in Abuja as most of the governors were said to have abandoned the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Governor Mai Mala Buni, who had been steering the affairs of the APC since June 2020 and backed his Niger counterpart, Abubakar Bello.