Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Gunmen suspected to be bandits have killed five persons at Manini village, near Kuriga, along Brinin-Gwari Kaduna highway of Kaduna State. Ibrahim Abubakar Nagwari, Chairman, Birnin-Gwari Vanguards for Security and Good Governance, disclosed this in a statement on Friday. 2. The Emir of Katsina, Dr. Abdulmumini Kabir Usman, has promised to look into the political aspirations of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, with the view to contributing, advising and correcting where necessary. Dr Usman said there was no way he could disown Tinubu. 3. The Federal Government has called on private and public schools to introduce robotics to pupils at an early age, saying the country is hungry for technology, and it has to start from somewhere. The Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, made the call in Abuja on Friday. 4. The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says there may be no extension of the registration deadline for candidates for the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The Registrar of the board, Prof. Is’haq Oloyede dropped the hint while monitoring the registration exercise in some centres on Friday, in Lagos. 5. A fire outbreak that occurred on Friday afternoon at the Kano State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) store, destroyed properties worth N18.5 million at the Mariri Kumbotso Local Government. The Executive Secretary SEMA, Dr Saleh Jili, confirmed the outbreak while briefing newsmen in Kano on Friday. 6. A civil servant, Mrs Esther Anaagu has dragged her husband Emmanuel, before a Customary Court in Jikwoyi, Abuja for allegedly ”stuffing” tissue paper in her privates, alleging that the husband may be after her life. The presiding judge, Mr Labaran Gusau, advised the couple to explore all available means of settlement, for the sake of their children. 7. Nollywood actor, Olarewaju James, alias Baba Ijesha, on Friday testified before an Ikeja Special Offences Court that he was acting a script in the viral video with a minor. Baba Ijesha told the court that the foster mother of the minor, Ms Damilola Adekoya, a comedian also known as Princess, had called and requested him to be part of the movie production. 8. The Police Command in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), on Friday confirmed the arrest of one Abubakar Marshall, who stood as surety for Mr Omoyele Sowore following his arrest over a defamation case. The Police Public Relations Officer in the FCT, DSP Josephine Adeh, confirmed the arrest to newsmen in Abuja. 9. A Kano magistrate’s Court has ordered the release of Jamila, wife of Abdulmalik Tanko, the self-confessed killer of 5-year old Hanifa Abubakar. The woman, who was accused of conspiring with her husband to kidnap and subsequently murder the minor, was set free, on Friday. 10. The Nigeria Police Force, Katsina State Command, on Friday, said it repelled bandits’ attack on two villages, Gidan Nasheku and Kwantakwamawa in Kankara Local Government Area of the State. In a statement on Friday by its Public Relations Officer, SP Gambo Isah, the Command said the troops rescued four female kidnap victims.