The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has hit back at Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress (APC) saying the ruling party and its presidency are now afraid because they have been exposed by the main opposition party. The PDP said that Buhari and his political party were running from their shadows and were being haunted by their failures in governance. PDP said this in reacting to a statement issued by Femi Adesina, the media adviser to the President on Tuesday, suggesting that the main opposition party is predicting a “nationwide agitation” worse than the October 2020 #EndSARS protests. But in its reaction, the PDP said that from Buhari’s outburst through his aides, it was clear that the current administration does not care about the suffering, agony, and life-discounting experiences Nigerians are facing as “a result of APC’s thoughtless and inhumane policies”. In a statement signed by its spokesman, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, the PDP said if there is anybody seeking to destabilize the nation, “it is the sinking, confused and discomfited APC that is clutching to straws and making unguarded statements, including boasting that ‘heavens will not fall’ over its refusal to address the lingering fuel crisis.” The PDP said that “The APC administration is afraid because its corruption, impunity, and recklessness which are responsible for the biting petrol and diesel crisis, collapsed national grid, distressed aviation sector, plummeting currency, and near collapse of the production and service sectors of the economy are being exposed by the PDP.” The opposition party said that the APC is afraid, having reduced the country to the poverty capital of the world, with as much as over 80 million people who can no longer afford their daily meals and other basic necessities of life. According to the PDP, the APC should be afraid of the people, having opened the borders and allowed terrorists and bandits, who it allegedly imported from neighbouring countries in 2015 to help APC muscle and rig the elections, but have continued causing mayhem in the country after APC leaders allegedly failed to honour their deal. The PDP said the ruling party is no longer uncomfortable, having been indicted for human rights violations, such as reported cases of extra-judicial killings, torture, illegal arrests, detentions, and other atrocious acts as contained in the June 2021 report of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). It said by so doing, the ruling party and its presidency had confirmed reports of its complicity and approval of the violent attacks and gruesome massacre of innocent youths at the Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos. “Such stance on the EndSARS peaceful protest by our youths also questions the sincerity of President Buhari’s description of the protest as ‘genuine concerns and agitation by Nigerians’. The renewed negative tagging, therefore, appears to be a design by the APC to frame our youths for another onslaught,” the PDP said. “The PDP holds that the EndSARS peaceful protest signifies the resilience of Nigerian youths against injustice, suppression, and insensitive system being foisted on our nation by the APC administration,” the party added.