The Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, Niger State chapter has suspended the strike embarked upon over two weeks ago by workers at the local government and the State levels over payment of salaries on percentage. The industrial action was suspended effective midnight of Thursday, March 24, 2022. The union in a press statement signed by the State chairman, Comrade Yakubu Garba said the suspension was following series of meetings held between Niger State Government and the Organized Labour, which has yielded positive results Garba said the State government had accepted to commence payment of gratuity to State retirees on GL 1-6 with the sum of N200m, consented to exploit other means in the shortest possible time to address the backlog of State and local government gratuities, as well as the defrayment of 30 percent balance of June, 2020, salaries of State workers. The statement also explained that the Government has accepted partial defrayment of accrued Third-Party deductions with the sum of N200m and consented to remit the sum of N100m monthly for the defrayment of backlog of Third-Party Deductions and payment of 100% February, 2022, salaries to workers across 25 LGAS in Niger State. Consequently, the union said the Niger State Government, 25 LGA Chairmen and the Organized Labour agreed to continue discussion in order to proffer sustainable solutions to other outstanding demands of the Local Government workers and conclude latest 31 of May, 2022. However, the union insisted that payment of subsequent salaries beginning from March, 2022, shall be subjected to strict compliance to State Local Government Joint Account Laws (Section 3 of the Principal Law as Amended February, 2001). Other decisions include: “Stoppage of any form of deductions that are inconsistent with the Constitution of Federal republic of Nigeria 1999 as Amended. “Immediate removal of deaths, retirees and ghost workers inserted in nominal rolls and biometric payment vouchers of respective LGAS. “Payment of salary as a first line charge by each LGA once statutory deductions are made. “On the strength of the foregoing, the ongoing strike by the State and the LGA workers is hereby suspended effective Midnight of Thursday, March 24, 2022.” The Organized Labour then appreciated the intervention of Niger State Traditional Council, Niger State Imam Forum, Niger State Chapter of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) and its own respected veterans.