Ahead of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential primary election slated for May 28th and 29th, 2022, the Taraba State Governor, Darius Ishaku has declared support for the plan to have a consensus candidate for the party. Ishaku who embraced the move on Monday during a meeting with some PDP Presidential aspirants expressed hope that some governors will also support the move. The aspirants he met with include the immediate past President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal and his Bauchi State counterpart, Senator Bala Mohammed. Taraba State Governor, who described the move as a wonderful initiative said the PDP is known for being a family. He added that “we have shown Nigerians how to rule and manage their affairs and I think we should still be the leaders. I am very happy with this visit. You have my 100% support. Governor Ishaku said, “I am sure my colleagues too will give you the same support and any right-thinking person should be able to support this mission. “We only have to produce one person. Let’s work together, hold our hands together and agree that this person should be our leader and then will all fall in line”. He stressed the need to salvage the country and reduce the pains in Nigeria. The Taraba State governor urged all party stakeholders to work together to rescue and rebuild Nigeria. In his remarks, Saraki who spoke on behalf of the aspirants championing the consensus presidential candidate move also stressed the need for all aspirants to close ranks. He said, “what is important now is to provide leadership and unity, let’s close ranks because if we all go to the primary, you know the problems it will create and we agreed to work together and come up with a candidate. “The main thing now is for the PDP to come back and provide leadership for this country and provide direction for the millions of Nigerians who are going through a lot. We will rescue them, take over the country and rebuild it and we have made ourselves committed to this project and with God’s guidance, we will come up with one person, Saraki said. The immediate past president of the Senate also disclosed that they will meet with other aspirants, the Chairman of the PDP 2023 zoning committee, Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, Southern PDP Governor and other party stakeholders.