A socio-political interest group, the Ado Ekiti Frontiers, has called on the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State to cede the Ekiti Central Senatorial ticket to Ado Ekiti, ahead of the 2023 National Assembly elections. The group believed that allowing Ado Ekiti to produce the party’s senatorial candidate would boost its chances in the June 18, 2022, governorship election and the general elections scheduled for 2023. According to a statement by its coordinator, Mr. T.S. Salami, made available to the press, the Ado Ekiti Frontiers urged Governor Kayode Fayemi, the State APC Chairman, Mr. Paul Omotoso and other party stakeholders to consider allowing the Senatorial candidate come from Ado Ekiti Local Government. The body said Ado Ekiti “is strategically placed to clinch the seat because it has the voting strength that will contribute the chunk of votes that will drive the party to victory in 2022 and subsequent elections.” The statement read in part: “Ado Ekiti is the largest Local Government Area in the State, it has the population and capacity to turn around electoral fortune of any party in the State, because of its sensitive position. “Ado Ekiti had produced likes of Prof ‘Banji Akintoye as Senator and Hon Gabriel Falayi as a member of House of Representatives in 1979, hence we are not asking for too much, if we plead for a Senatorial seat in 2022. “We shall continue to be peaceful and patient to demand for our rightful positions as the community that is hosting entire Ekiti. The voting strength of Ado Ekiti secured victory for our party in 2018, because we were able to bridge the gap of 2014 governorship election to the minimum level. “For instance, in 2014 governorship election, APC polled 13,927, while PDP scored 41, 169 with a wide margin of 27,242, but in 2018 gubernatorial election, we reduced the wide margin to 4,699, which actually gave victory to our party. “This was achievable by cohesion and dint of hard work by the rank and file of the party. Still on 2018 feat, Ado Ekiti APC polled 28,111 and PDP had 32,810, with a difference of 4,699 in favour of PDP. “Ado Ekiti will perform better in subsequent elections with developmental drives of JKF 2 in Ado Ekiti, coupled with mobilisation of the politicians of APC extraction and electorates. “A cursory look at the recent addition of polling units by INEC revealed that Ado Ekiti now has 344 polling units which is the highest in the State, which will eventually translate to votes in coming elections. “If Ekiti West with 188 polling units goes home with governorship ticket, Ikere with 125 polling units coasting home with deputy governorship ticket and Ikole with 203 polling units already settled with speakership, then, what is the stake of Ado Ekiti with 344 polling units? Let us reason together without sentiments. Ado Ekiti will still contribute the larger percentage of the votes that will take us to victory. “The above reasoning is the exact mindset of core progressives in Ado Ekiti and the opinion of leaders and elders in the ancient town. Let us remember that, in everything we do, there will be tomorrow. “In the just concluded PVC registration exercise, Ado Ekiti had about 155,000 registered voters, which is a pointer to our earlier assertion that Ado will contribute the bulk and huge votes that will take us to victory. “We are not confrontational in our agitation. But the onus of proving our argument beyond reasonable doubt lies on us, hence we have to go analytically to drive home our points. Our love for APC has no bound.”