Some indigenes of Ogbomoso in Oyo State on the platform of Ajilete Renaissance Group (ARG) have accused kingmakers in the community and officials of Ogbomoso North Local Government area of bribery to influence the selection of the new Soun of Ogbomoso. DAILY POST recalls that the Soun of Ogbomoso stool became vacant as a result of the demise of Oba Jimoh Oyewumi in December last year. Oba Oyewumi, who spent over four decades on the throne died on December 12, 2021. The monarch died at the age of 95. DAILY POST gathered that over 12 candidates have already indicated interest to emerge as the next Soun of Ogbomoso. ARG has, however, accused the kingmakers and the LG officials of collecting money in order to influence the selection of the new monarch. The group alleged that the kingmakers and the LG officials have collected some amount of money from one of the princes, Pastor Afolabi Ghandi Olaoye. The group alleged that the kingmakers and the LG officials have perfected plans to favour Olaoye because of his closeness to Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo. ARG in a statement signed by its Secretary, Mr Majolagbe Oyedepo, alleged that the process of selecting the new monarch by the kingmakers and the local government staff has been characterised by corruption, favouritism and undue interference. The group, while calling for caution, insisted that such a process could lead to chaos and disunity in the ancient town. ARG said that such undue interference in the process will cause breakdown of law and order. Oyedepo in the statement made available to DAILY POST Saturday evening, said that Olaoye was not among the initial eleven contenders selected by the ruling family. He alleged that Olaoye, who is a pastor with the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, got included in the list of the invitees after he had allegedly bribed the kingmakers and the LG officials. Oyedepo on behalf of ARG urged governor Seyi Makinde of the state to, without wasting more time, stop the selection process of the new monarch. “It is sad that the selection process is taking this questionable and ignominious dimension. The kingmakers and the local government officials are using this opportunity to enrich themselves and their plan is to announce the next Soun against the wishes of the teeming population of Ogbomoso sons and daughters. “There is another rumor making the rounds that the said Prince also bought a brand new car for the arrowhead of the Ogbomoso Kingmakers. “How true this claim is we can not say. But we are convinced beyond the least shadow of doubt that the fresh screening conducted for all the twenty-five aspirants by the Kingmakers and the local government officials when some of them were already out of the race was a confirmation that they were up to something and they were acting the script of some paid agents. “As an association of responsible indigenes of Ogbomosoland we will not fold our hands and allow this monumental daylight robbery and fraud to stand. “We want the whole process to stop now and be reviewed. The Oyo State Governor, Engr Oluseyi Makinde must intervene as done in the Olubadan issue. Our elders, because of money, are inviting the wrath of the ancestors. “They are turning our tradition into a money making venture. They want to set the whole town on fire. We are calling for full investigations into all these allegations and we want the state Governor to punish anyone found culpable of attempts to subjugate and sacrifice culture and traditions as well as uprightness at the altar of monetary gains and inducement”. But, the Aare Ago of Ogbomoso, High Chief Aare Ago when contacted, said that a letter has been sent to the state government to decide who to pick. Aare Ago, in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST Saturday evening, noted that it is certain that one person would be chosen among the contenders. The High Chief, who is one of the kingmakers, added that it is possible for those who could not make it to raise an alarm of being cheated. “They said that we want to favour a candidate. A letter has been sent to the government. Whether we want to favour anyone or not, the government will speak at the appropriate time. “You know in a contest when there are many contenders, anyone who fails will talk.”