The death toll from Sunday’s gunmen attack in Kaura and Jema’a local government has risen to 37, as security operatives on Wednesday discovered three more corpses. Samuel Aruwan, the Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Kaduna State in an update on Wednesday, said three more corpses were recovered in Jema’a and Kaura LGAs, while herders’ settlements were razed in Zangon Kataf LGA Aruwan said, “Security agencies have reported that they have discovered three corpses of some citizens killed by a mob on Monday in two locations in both Kaura and Jema’a LGAs.” He said the remains of one Ibrahim Isiyaku (Danasabe) of No 143, Bauchi Street, Kafanchan was picked around Kagoro Roundabout. He further identified two other corpses as those of Malam Ibrahim Rilwanu and Malam Lawali Zubairu, both of No.5 Emir Road of Kafanchan, recovered at ‘Binzom’ behind the Kafanchan campus of Kaduna State University (KASU). According to him, during Monday’s protest, the Fountain of Life Baptist Church, Kafanchan was attacked and its glass windows shattered. He added that a bus belonging to the Baptist School of Health Technology, Kafanchan was attacked and vandalized, while the driver of the bus, Mr Bamaiyi, sustained cutlass injuries and is receiving treatment in a clinic. “In another development, security agencies have reported that some hoodlums attacked and burnt down two herders’ settlements in Zauru and Kurdan in Zangon Kataf LGA. “As of the time of this report, the Chairman of Zangon Kataf local government, Mr. Francis Sani Zimbo is holding an emergency security meeting with traditional and community leaders of Kurdan and Zauru over the incident.” He said According to him, Governor Nasir El-Rufa’i while receiving the reports with deep sadness, sent condolences to the families of the victims, and prayed for the repose of their souls. He said the Governor also, appealed to herders whose settlements were burnt to recourse to law and allow the government and security agencies to handle the matter. “The Governor has been receiving hourly briefs of the security situation in Kaura and Jema’a LGAs, and other locations in the state. “Citizens are reminded to comply fully with the 24-hour curfew which remains in force in Kaura and Jema’a LGAs. This will enable security agencies to work effectively towards preventing further violence. “Search patrols by security agencies are being sustained in the area. Emerging updates will be communicated to the public.” He said