Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. There is uncertainty over the threat by the airline operators to shut down operation following the skyrocketing price of aviation fuel, known as Jet A1. A meeting of the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON) and the aviation fuel marketers to develop a new pricing template for the Jet fuel which has disrupted flight operations in the last few weeks ended without the two parties arriving at a favourable pricing framework. 2. The National Electricity Grid went down on Tuesday, barely 24 hours after it witnessed a system collapse causing a widespread power outage. The grid generation dropped from 3,000 megawatts (MW) earlier to 1,758MW leaving just 12 Generation Companies (Gencos) operating. 3. Senator Abdullahi Adamu, one of the national chairmanship aspirants of the All Progressives Congress (APC), says he has not lost any election since he joined politics in the 70s. Speaking when he met the APC Caucus of the House of Representatives, on Tuesday, he said his declaration for the Chairmanship contest was delayed because he was busy with reconciliation of party members across the country. 4. At least seven security operatives, including CSP Umar Muhammed Dakin-Gari, the Divisional Police Officer in charge of Nasko, Magama Local Government Area of Niger State, were killed by bandits on Tuesday. 5. The national leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has said its National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting would be held on Thursday ahead of the party’s national convention. APC Spokesman, Barrister Ismaeel Ahmed who briefed reporters yesterday, said that the sale of forms for various National Working Committee (NWC) offices had begun. 6. Indications have emerged that over 390 persons have been killed in repeated armed Fulani herdsmen attacks on communities in Gwer West Local Government Area of Benue State. The attacks also left over 37 persons injured and eight districts sacked, while houses, farmlands and food barns were all razed by the invaders. 7. Some passers-by have rescued a newborn baby abandoned in a carton in Osogbo, Osun capital. The Coordinating Director, Osun State Ministry of Women, Children and Social Affairs, Mr Jide Falade, said in a statement that the baby was rescued on Feb. 25. 8. An uneasy calm has pervaded the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) over the inability to hold its scheduled National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting. Prior to the NEC meeting originally scheduled for 2pm at the National secretariat of the party, the National caucus of the party met at the Akwa Ibom Governors’ lodge in Asokoro, on Monday night. 9. The Consumer Price Index rose to 15.7 per cent in February from 15.6 per cent in January, latest figures from the National Bureau of Statistics have revealed. The NBS disclosed this in its ‘Consumer Price Index February 2022’ report on Tuesday. 10. The Senate, on Tuesday, moved to re-amend the Proceeds of Crime (Recovery and Management) Bill, 2022, passed by the chamber on March 9, 2022. The decision to re-amend the bill followed the consideration of a motion for re-committal sponsored by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi (Kebbi North).