The Leader Of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, on Friday advised President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky to move closer to God. Primate Ayodele said President Zelensky should move closer to God at a “tough time like this in order to fight his battle.” The man of God revealed that God has Ukraine in his mind and all that is required is for the nation to turn to God for help. In a statement by his spokesman, Oluwatosin Osho, Ayodele said President Putin of Russia is just a distraction who is bent on taking over leadership in Ukraine, but with God, nothing of such will happen. According to Ayodele: “My message to President Volodymyr Oleksandrovych Zelensky of Ukraine is to remain prayerful and focused. He should leave all these distractions; though it’s a tough time, he should move closer to God. God has him at heart, and all he needs to do is move closer to him; he will fight his battle for him. “The people of Ukraine should turn to God for help; he has the country at heart, he will come to their rescue.” Furthermore, the man of God warned that President Putin is on a mission to destroy Ukraine, remove the president and take over leadership in the country. He noted that the world will be affected if he is allowed while reinstating that Putin will not go scot-free. “World leaders should take this matter seriously; Putin has a mission, he wants to destroy Ukraine, he wants to remove the president and take over leadership in the country. If he is allowed, it will cause problems in the world, but I maintain that Putin will not go scot-free. God is angry with him. He has proven to be a satanic messenger; he is an agent of the third world war and has gone too far. Unfortunately for him, God will not allow a third world war to happen, Putin will pay dearly for what he has done,” he said. Also, Primate Ayodele emphasized his earlier prophecies on the assassination of Putin. “As said earlier, he will be assassinated. God will judge him if the world leaders can’t do anything about it. Either way, he will not go scot-free. He is not ready for settlement, he is after achieving his aim. The world leaders should arise, not with war but the needful,” he added.