Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Several passengers, who boarded the train that was attacked on Monday night, are yet to be accounted for, according to the Kaduna State government. In the latest update on the rescue operation, Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said while eight corpses had been recovered, 26 people who were injured, were receiving treatment. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sadness over the Monday attack on a Kaduna-bound train by terrorists, leading to many deaths and injuries. The President on Tuesday said he was deeply pained by the attack, the second of its kind in recent times. 3. The zoning committee of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was locked in a crucial meeting yesterday night over which side of the country should produce the presidential candidate of the party. The meeting, which is taking place at the Benue State governor’s lodge, Abuja, is said to be presided over by the Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom. 4. A former governor of Kano State, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, yesterday, officially dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and joined the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP). Kwankwaso, who was a presidential aspirant on the platform of the PDP in the 2019 general elections, has received his NNPP membership card from his ward chairman in Abuja. 5. The national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has cancelled his annual colloquium over terrorists’ attack on a Kaduna-bound train on Monday. The colloquium was slated for Tuesday in Lagos, in commemoration of Tinubu’s 70th birthday. 6. Nigeria will not be at the 2022 World Cup, following a 1-1 draw with Ghana on Tuesday. The Super Eagles failed to defeat the Black Stars in Kumasi, as they were only able to draw 0-0. 7. Governor Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra State has submitted 20 names to the State House of Assembly for confirmation as Commissioners. Also submitted to the house for confirmation were 15 persons as special advisers. The list has already been referred to the House committee on appointments. 8. The Police Command in Kwara State have neutralised three suspected kidnappers with the help of Kwara vigilante group and local hunters. The incident happened at Obbo Ile/Osi forest, in Ekiti Local Government Area of the State, the command’s spokesman, SP Okasanmi Ajayi said in a statement. 9. The World Bank has said that poverty reduction stagnated since 2015, with more Nigerians falling below the poverty line over the years. According to the Washington-based bank, the number of poor Nigerians is projected to hit 95.1 million in 2022. 10. The Abuja Electricity Distribution Plc has announced the appointment of Adeoye Fadeyibi as its new managing director/chief executive officer. According to a statement by the Disco, Fadeyibi, a manager with over 20 years executive management experience, succeeds Akinwumi Bada.