With the return of the prestigious Lagos International Polo Tournament, PoloLuxury is bringing its wealth of experience in sports timekeeping to the 2022 edition of the competition as the Official Timekeeper. The sponsorship agreement provides a unique opportunity for PoloLuxury to bring to the iconic game over three decades of experience in delivering precise and reliable results. As Nigeria’s foremost connoisseurs of luxury, PoloLuxury records the dreams of athletes who have travelled from far and wide to compete for glory. Popularly called the ‘Game of Kings,’ the Lagos International Polo Tournament has become the flagship of polo competition of Nigeria and across the world. Received into Lagos, Nigeria with great passion, the game has continued to attract the country’s royalty, elites, politicians and other highly influential dignitaries. Speaking on Monday during a press conference to commemorate the launch of the tournament, Mr Oluwaseyi Oyinlola, Tournament Manager, said the 2022 edition of the game marked a grand return to form after a 2-year break occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. (L-R) President of the Lagos Polo Club, Ayo Olashoju; Managing Director of Polo Luxury Group, John Obayuwana; and Tournament Manager, Lagos Polo Club, Seyi Oyinlola, during the recently concluded Lagos International Polo Tournament 2022 sponsored by the Polo Luxury Group, in Lagos. “We are excited about our partnership with Polo. We have been working on this for a number of years and this seems to be the best tournament we’ve hosted because of the commitment of the sponsors. It’s super encouraging. You’ll see probably the best players and horses throughout the tournament. It’s a privilege. The structure has changed and we want to deliver the best polo,” Oyinlola said. After successfully concluding 2 weeks of qualifiers, the tournament commenced on Tuesday, February 8. Spanning a total of 3 weeks, the tournament comprises 37 matches broadcast live on SuperSport/DStv, with live commentary provided by accomplished polo commentators from the United Kingdom. Participants in the tournament include a line-up of international players and umpires from Argentina, South Africa, France and Colombia, who are competing alongside their Nigerian counterparts. On the weekends, the tournament provides the setting for polo enthusiasts to unwind with superstars providing entertainment. John Obayuwana, the Managing Director of Polo Limited, hailed the Lagos International Polo Tournament for its partnership with PoloLuxury for this year’s tournament. He described it as an opportunity for lovers of both the elite game and the luxury brand to experience sportsmanship at its finest. “PoloLuxury is proud to celebrate and honour our long-standing relationship with Polo, the King of Sports. The core values of the game – integrity, quality, teamwork, and commitment – resonate with the values of PoloLuxury,” Obayuwana said. PoloLuxury is the official and authorized retailer for some of the most prestigious Swiss watch brands in the world which include Rolex, Cartier, Piaget, Chopard, Longines, IWC, among others.