The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has grilled Comrade Alade Bashir Lawal, the Secretary-General of the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN). DAILY POST gathered that the union official was invited over alleged fraud. It would be recalled that the EFCC and the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) had earlier commenced investigation over financial fraud levelled against some officials of the union. Our correspondent gathered on Tuesday that Lawal was invited by the EFCC to answer for alleged fraud uncovered in the union. The embattled Secretary-General is being queried for his source of wealth as an officer of an industrial union. EFCC is also investigating Lawal over his one billion naira investment in Meristem Securities Limited, his over ten billion naira choice property in Banana Island Lagos, Maitama Abuja and other foreign property outside the country. A source within the union said Lawal was invited by the EFCC to its Abuja office on the 15th of March. The source told DAILY POST on Tuesday that the embattled secretary has been re-invited by the anti-graft agency. “So far, it was discovered that he has property in Banana Island Lagos, Magodo, Ikeja and Maitama Abuja. He also has property in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates yet to be quantified,” the source claimed. Other top officials of the union, including Comrade Fatai Akorede, the Chief Accountant of the union are also said to have been arrested by the EFCC. A source within the union said there are some other officers to be included in the investigation. Among those to be investigated by the EFCC include Comrade Funmilayo Victoria Salami, the confidential secretary/typist to Comrade Comrade Lawal, whom 350 million naira has been traced to her personal account. Comrade Isaac Ojemehken, the Secretary in charge of the Abuja Office, who had also been invited for questioning by the EFCC, allegedly had over N650 million naira traced to his account. Former Chairman of ASCSN in Oyo State, Comrade Andrew Emelieze, confirmed the development to DAILY POST on Wednesday. Emelieze said investigations were ongoing. “The secretariat of the union is in disarray, with workers avoiding the union’s secretariat for fear of being arrested by the EFCC. “As a workers’ movement and also as anti-corruption crusaders, we are in total support of this probe which we think is long overdue. “We, therefore, call on the EFCC, especially its Chairman, to allow for a clinical job to be done and ensure that all stolen funds of the union are returned to the workers’ union,” he said. But, Lawal when contacted said the reporter should go ahead and write whatever he wished to write. He said that the matter is still in court. Lawal said, “Go ahead and write whatever you want to write. “I will not clarity anything. The matter is in court”.