There is a saying that it is only in politics that a man is told of either the sins or good deeds of his forebears in his very presence. This is the pitiable fate the people of Isi-Uzo LGA in Enugu East Senatorial District have found themselves in the affairs of the zone which they are constitutionally part of, just because of their aspiration to govern Enugu State in 2023. Could this be the reason why Senator Chimaroke Nnamani describes politics as a serious business? The people of Isi-Uzo have been meted with a lot of discriminative attitudes by their fellow brothers and sisters from Enugu East Senatorial District who see them as being from Nsukka and not from the zone, forgetting their constitutional rights of being recognized by law as part and parcel of the zone. These feelings of other sections of Enugu East (Nkanu) only come to play whenever there is a contest on a position or an office of importance that is meant to be occupied by someone from the zone. They (Nkanu) will let loose their anger, hatred and be bold to tell the people of Isi-Uzo to their face that they are not qualified to contest for such offices, and in cases where the people of Isi-Uzo emerge successfully in the contest based on merit, they would rather prefer such seat is occupied by someone that is not even from Enugu State instead it will be held by someone from Isi-Uzo. This hatred for Isi-Uzo is unfair not only in the face of humanity but even before God who advocates that we love our brothers and sisters as we love ourselves. This is also unfair because no Senator from Enugu East can emerge victorious without the inclusion of votes from Isi-Uzo LGA. It will be recalled that Senator Gil Nnaji from Nike in Enugu East LGA rode majorly on the votes of Isi-Uzo and a few votes from other local government areas in the zone to defeat Senator Chimaroke Nnamani in the 2011 and 2015 elections respectively. Isi-Uzo is the LGA that lays the golden egg in terms of being the LGA with the highest votes in Enugu East Senatorial District, which informs why Gil Nnaji could defeat Senator Chimaroke Nnamani despite the fact that he won in almost four LGAs while Gil Nnaji won overwhelmingly the majority vote cast in Isi-Uzo LGA and a few votes from other LGAs in the zone to defeat Nnamani. Instead of giving the people of Isi-Uzo the honour that is due to them, the reverse is always the case. But, it is important to also note that Senator Chimaroke Nnamani now has much regards for the people of Isi-Uzo LGA because he knows their capacity from his experience in the 2011 and 2015 Enugu East Senatorial election respectively. Before progressing with this article, it is important that we go back to history as to knowing how and why the people of Isi-Uzo LGA were added to Enugu East Senatorial zone. Upon the creation of Ebonyi state in 1991, Abakaliki zone which was hitherto a senatorial zone in old Enugu State was created a state. This development left Enugu State with only two Senatorial zones which were old Enugu zone and old Nsukka zone. Considering the fact that every state is expected to have three senatorial zones, in preparation for the return of democracy 1999, the stakeholders of old Enugu zone hijacked the new senatorial zone that was added to the state by dividing the old Enugu zone which was in minority both in size and voting strength when compared with Nsukka zone, into Enugu East and West senatorial zones. In a bid to ameliorate the damage and injustice meted to Nsukka zone which is the zone that was supposed to be divided into two zones, they had to approach the people of Isi-Uzo to be added into the newly created Enugu East Senatorial zone as equal partners. It will be recalled that stakeholders of the then old Enugu zone had equally approached the people of Igbo-Etiti LGA for them to be added into the newly created Enugu West senatorial zone but the Nwodos’ from Ukehe in Ojebe Ogene Kingdom of Udi LGA but constitutionally from Igbo-Etiti LGA in Nsukka zone refused their request and chose to remain where they are. This refusal by the people of Igbo-Etiti LGA that was championed by the Nwodos made the late Igwe Odezuluigbo II of Nike Kingdom, HRH Chief Edward Nnaji, to advise the stakeholders of old Enugu zone to search for their brothers from Isi-Uzo whom he explained where wrongly carved into Nsukka zone abinitio, to be added back to the newly created Enugu East Senatorial zone as equal partners. There seems to be much facts in the assertion of late Igwe Odezuluigbo II, as it is said that the people of Neke in Isi-Uzo and some parts of Ehamufu have cultural affinity with the people of Nike and Nkanu East LGA. Based on these reasons and other agreements entered into by the people and stakeholders of Isi-Uzo and stakeholders of the newly created Enugu East Senatorial zone that they will be equal partners, and that they the people of Isi-Uzo will not be discriminated on the benefits that comes to the zone, they (Isi-Uzo) accepted to be a part of the newly created Enugu East Senatorial zone. It is however unthinkable and unfortunate that all the agreements entered into has been thrown to the abyss. The stakeholders and people of the other section of Enugu East (Nkanu) have at every slightest opportunity treated the people of Isi-Uzo as an appendage, ‘slave’ instead of equal partners, fellow brothers and sisters joined by destiny. To butress the point on the level of hatred being meted to Isi-Uzo people, it is important to remind us of what transpired when one Prof. Den Chris Onah, from Isi-Uzo LGA, who emerged as the Vice Chancellor of Enugu State University of Science and Technology (ESUT) after the screening interview on merit and his name was even announced on ESBS as the new VC of ESUT, but surprisingly, the other section of Enugu East Senatorial zone (Nkanu) led a protest to the then Governor of Enugu State, Barr. Sullivan Chime, and the name of Prof Onah was substituted with that of Prof Luke Anike, from Nike in Enugu East LGA, who came third in the VC’s screening interview. What an injustice and hatred to a people whose only sin or crime is that they accepted to be a part of Enugu East Senatorial zone as equal partners! This is one of the many discriminative acts being meted to the people of Isi-Uzo on daily basis. It is, however, worthy to note that the people of Nsukka zone have proved by all standard that they are the father of the new Enugu State, not only because of their numerical or voting strength by being the zone with the highest votes, but because of their mature and accommodative tendencies and the way in which they address issues of leadership of the state with love and peaceful thoughts. It is not a doubt that the people of Ukehe in Igbo-Etiti LGA are from Ojebe Ogene Kingdom in the present day Udi LGA in Enugu West Senatorial zone of the State. However, due to the tyrannical rulership of the then Igwe Onyeama N’ Eke in Udi LGA, the family of the Nwodos’ led the people of Ukehe to join Nsukka zone and they were effectively accommodated to the extent that they have been supported by Nsukka zone to produce all the sensitive political positions that comes to the zone. Below is a lists of the leadership positions that have been held by the people of Ukehe community originally from Ojebe Ogene Kingdom in the present day Udi LGA but constitutionally in Igbo-Etiti LGA, Enugu North Senatorial Zone on behalf of Nsukka zone: Executive Governor of old Enugu State; His Excellency, Okwesilieze Nwodo, Deputy Governor of Enugu State; His Excellency, Okechukwu Itanyi, Speaker of Enugu State House of Assembly; Rt. Hon. Eugene Odo, Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria; Late Chief John Nwodo and his son Chief Nnia Nwodo, National Chairman of Ohanaeze Ndigbo zoned to Nsukka; Chief Nnia Nwodo, National Chairman of People’s Democratic Party and National Secretary PDP zoned to Nsukka and were both held by His Excellency, Okwesilieze Nwodo, etc. No wonder, the Nwodos vehemently refused Igbo-Etiti LGA to be moved out of Nsukka zone and be joined into the new Enugu West senatorial zone. They know that they can never be given the kind of reception/accommodation that they get from the people of Nsukka zone. What a revelation and maturity from Nsukka people? Nsukka people are too large hearted. With this revelation, one will not doubt the fact that if it were the people of Nkanu that have the kind of numerical or voting strength that Nsukka has, they would never conceive the idea of rotating the governorship position with Nsukka people. They will choose to be on the same school of thought with the Tiv people in Benue State or the Igala people in Kogi State. This is big message to Ndi Enugu at large. It is important to also note that, it is only in the administration of an Nsukka son as governor of Enugu State, that we have not experienced a successor having issues with his predecessor. What a lesson! Nsukka people are indeed peaceful and justice oriented. It is also only in the administration of an Nsukka son as governor, that we experience the language, ‘equitable distribution’ of Democratic dividends across the three Senatorial zones of the state. The revered late reggae musician, Luke Dube, may be appreciating the people of Nsukka’s way of life when he sang the song; ‘Together We are One and Same people in the sight of God almighty’. While we expect the Governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, to use his good offices, wisdom, sense of equity and justice to decide who his successor should be, the people of Enugu East Senatorial zone should see all the LGAs constitutionally located in their zone as equal partners that can occupy any position meant for the zone. The people of Nkanu in Enugu East Senatorial zone should learn from the people of Nsukka in Enugu North Senatorial zone in the manner with which they accommodate all people that have different cultural lining with them but are in the same zone. They should also see Isi-Uzo LGA like they see Enugu East LGA or Nkanu East LGA as LGAs in Enugu East Senatorial District that have not produced a governor before and support them if God choose them to succeed Gov. Ugwuanyi. Very recently, journalists from Nsukka extraction unanimously backed a Chairmanship candidate from Igala speaking part of Uzo Uwani, to emerge as the first ever chairman of NUJ Enugu State from Nsukka zone, after over fifty years of NUJ in the state. This is the love Nsukka people are known for. The state chairmanship position of NUJ Enugu has been successively occupied by journalists from the present day Enugu East Senatorial zone and Enugu West Senatorial zone for over fifty years without a thought to accommodate Nsukka zone. When Barr Sullivan Chime from Enugu West Senatorial zone was Governor, his deputy was from the same old Enugu zone now Enugu East Senatorial zone and heaven did not let loose. The people of Nsukka instead gave Chime total support through out his regime despite what will be termed anomaly if it were to be the other way round. This should be a food for thought! Emmanuel Ikechukwu writes from GRA, Enugu.