Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Former Adamawa State Governor, Senator Abdullahi Adamu has emerged the new National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Adamu emerged through a consensus arrangement after other aspirants withdrew from the race. 2. A supporter of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) collapsed and died during the convention of Saturday. The supporter was heading for Eagle Square, the venue of the convention when he slumped and passed away. 3. The carcass of Alpha Jet which went missing almost one year ago has been found in Sambisa Forest, Borno State. The Nigerian Army which disclosed this in a brief statement on Saturday said troops of Operation Desert Sanity uncovered the wreckage. 4. There was pandemonium at the Kaduna International Airport Saturday afternoon when bandits and soldiers exchanged gunfire during an attack. The incident, which happened around 12:30 pm, according to sources, led to the temporary shutdown of the Airport. 5. Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, former Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), says the fact that the convention of the ruling party is ongoing shows evildoers did not have their way. He stated this in an interview at Eagle Square. 6. Former Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun, has come out to reveal how she was able to forge ahead after the National Youth Service Corps certificate saga. Adeosun said she wept every day without working for three months. 7. At least six persons were feared dead following an attack by suspected herdsmen at a farm settlement in Mgbuji and Ebo, Eha-Amufu, Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State. The attack lasted about eight hours beginning from 10 am, according to security personnel who pleaded anonymity. 8. Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila has said the best days of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, are still in the future. The speaker expressed optimism in his remarks at the national convention of the party in Abuja. 9. Governor Mai-Mala Buni of Yobe State has said the membership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) rose from 11 million to 41million as a result of the membership registration/ revalidation conducted by the outgoing leadership. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has enjoined the new National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to ensure that the party primaries are not influenced by “highest bidders”. The president gave the warning at the 2022 APC National Convention in Abuja.