A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kaduna State, Dr Abdulmalik Mohammed Durunguwa, has opined that for peace to be restored in parts of the country, the government at all levels must engage community participation to bring an end to the ongoing security challenges facing Nigerians. According to him, there is the need for security agencies to have a serious synergy to be able to recruit people in the villages and if possible, arm them and check them every day to know who they are so that they can withstand any attacker that comes in order to be able to defend their areas. Dr Durunguwa, who is the Commissioner representing Kaduna State in the National Population Commission, NPC, stated this on Saturday in a media parley with members of the Southern Kaduna Journalists’ Forum in Kaduna. Speaking on the happenings in Southern Kaduna, he stated that enough is enough of the killings and destruction of properties going on in the area, saying that steps must be taken to bring what he called “ugly situation to an end” in order to ensure the restoration of peace in the communities. He explained, “I wish that all of us will put our heads together and bring a stop to the killings and destruction of properties that is going on. I have sat down with some traditional rulers, stakeholders and I am still making consultations with many on the way forward of the security challenges in the area because enough is enough.” He added, “We have to take the bull by the horn. We should be practical in trying to find a solution to our problems.” He called on the government to be proactive in their activities, saying that no life is worth taking by law into our hands, as there is bound to be problems if not checked. According to him, “Something happened in Southern Kaduna in April 2011 which was not the making of anybody, it was a kind of defragmentation that took place from nowhere and I have told Fulani people nobody from Southern Kaduna has ever thought of killing a Fulani man. This thing came like a viral wing and before you know what was happening Fulani were killed all over Southern Kaduna. It was nobody that organized it, no, it was just a kind of wing blow but of course, it has happened, you can’t stop it by then. So let’s live our lives and forget what happened and let’s move on in Southern Kaduna as brothers and sisters.”