Former Liverpool star, Danny Murphy, has advised Manchester United against appointing Real Madrid’s Carlo Ancelotti as their next manager because the Italian is not stable. Murphy instead believes Tottenham’s Antonio Conte is the best manager to coach Manchester United. Man United are eager to make a long-term appointment in the summer. The likes of Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax’s Erik ten Hag are among their preferred candidates to succeed Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford at the end of the season. However, reports earlier this week claimed that Ancelotti has emerged as a shock candidate to take over from Rangnick in the summer, with the former Everton manager said to be Sir Alex Ferguson’s choice for the Man United job. When asked whether Ancelotti would be a good fit for Man United, Murphy told talkSPORT: “I don’t think so. Look, I have got the utmost respect for him for all he has achieved over the years, he is supposed to be a terrific fella too. “He has not stayed at any job for longer than two seasons, apart from AC Milan, the club he loved. He stayed there for eight years, but that was a long time ago. “He was at Chelsea for a couple of seasons, PSG a couple, Real Madrid a couple, Munich a year, Everton less than a year and now he’s back at Madrid. “I think Manchester United have to look at something more stable, more long-term. “I also think his managerial style is one where he’s gone into many clubs that have already got success, got superstars at the top of their game and he’s just keeping that going. “I remember speaking to a few people at Chelsea who spoke very highly of him, but they said his management style was to let the players look after themselves. “This United team needs more than that at the moment.” Murphy added: “Look, there have been a lot of question marks over Antonio Conte at Tottenham for various reasons – that is another conversation. “But that was the type [of manager] they [Man United] need. That was the one. They missed the boat.”