A frontline aspirant for the national chairmanship position of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Tanko Al-Makura, has denied media report that he was working against President Muhammadu Buhari’s choice of a consensus candidate. Recall that it was recently reported in the media that the President had endorsed Senator Adamu Abdulahi ahead of the March 26 convention. Al-Makura, in a statement issued on Sunday by the Director-General of Al-Makura Campaign Organisation (ACO), Mr. Dominic Alancha, said he could not have been opposed to a purported consensus chairmanship choice of Buhari when neither the President nor the party leadership had made any public statement on the matter. The lawmaker bemoaned the sensational headlines and reports by some national dailies, which claimed he was bent on opposing Buhari. He insisted that he could not have been opposed to a purported consensus chairmanship choice of Buhari when neither the president nor the party leadership had made any public statement on the matter. Al-Makura said the media report was a deliberate, albeit failed attempt, to paint him in bad light. He expressed confidence in the president and the leadership of the party to pilot the party through a turbulence-free convention to the disappointment of the enemies of the APC, troublemakers, and naysayers. Al-Makura stated: “Senator Al-Makura, as a bona fide aspirant for the position of the National Chairman of the APC was in Ondo to consult with Governor Rotimi Akeredolu in continuation of consultations with APC governors, party leaders and stakeholders, which he commenced many months back. “It is therefore mischievous and unkind for anybody to claim that he was working against President Muhammadu Buhari’s choice of a consensus candidate for the position of the National Chairman of our great party. “This is even more so when neither the President, whom Senator Al-Makura holds in very high esteem, nor the party leadership has made any statement to the effect of any endorsed consensus candidate. “These prophets of doom have continued to render false prophecies and tales on the forthcoming APC national convention. They are therefore looking for media houses they could latch on to ignite fire, hate, and confusion in the party.”