The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Saturday, accused the Miyetti Allah bodies of collaborating with security agencies to force vigilante groups across the Southeast to hand over their weapons. IPOB alleged that the aim of the collaboration is to weaken the Southeast and pave the way for Fulani bandits’ invasion of the region. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, made the claim in a statement, where he raised an alarm over in flock hunters into the Southeast. According to Powerful: “We the global movement and family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great indefatigable liberator, Mazi Nnamdi Okwuchukwu KANU, have uncovered a secret meeting Miyetti Allah held with the hierarchy of various security agencies to disarm vigilante groups in Biafra land. They agreed at the meeting that all vigilante groups in Biafra land would be directed to surrender their weapons to security agencies. “Their intention is to weaken our people and pave the way for the invasion of our communities by Fulani bandits masquerading as herdsmen. We want to place the world on notice about this wicked plot. “We also raise alarm over the in flock of Fulani rapists and terrorists called Fulani hunters in our land. Our people must be careful because Fulani and Miyetti Allah have deceived another means of killing our people in the bushes and forests in Biafraland. “The recent plan by the Nigeria Government and its security agencies to collect guns from vigilante groups in every communities in Biafraland was designed to make our security and vigilante men impotent and clear the way for their criminal gangs to penetrate our communities. “We, therefore, urge vigilante groups in various communities never to surrender their weapons to security agencies that cannot guarantee the security of our people. Doing so amounts to rendering our communities vulnerable. “We also want to caution all communities in Biafraland to be on red alert over the plot by the enemies of Biafra to use their agents of death to inflict pain and sorrow on our people. “Security should be beefed up around all Biafran communities because our enemies are not sleeping.”