Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A former minister of works, Ambassador Ibrahim Musa Kazaure has listed himself among those who ought to be jailed over the manner in which they served the country. Condemning the set of leaders who governed Nigeria since the birth of democracy, Kazaure accused politicians of sabotaging the country. 2. Over 100 doctors and other medical workers at the Garki Hospital in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) may soon lose their jobs. This is as a result of the expiration of the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) arrangement between Nisa Premier Hospital, the current managers of Garki Hospital, and the FCT Administration. 3. The Chairman of Nigeria Governors’ Forum and Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Thursday, declared that the States give more funding to the Police than the Federal Government. Fayemi said this while commenting on the security vote at a panel discussion organised by the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) in partnership with the Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD). 4. Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State and the deputy governor, Dr. Kelechi Igwe, have obtained an interim order from a State High Court that would last for seven days. The order states that the duo (applicants) shall remain and not be removed from office as governor and deputy governor of the State, respectively. 5. A letter, which Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State wrote to Governor Sani Bello, his Niger counterpart, stating his willingness to return as Chairman of the Caretaker Committee of the All APC is currently in circulation. Bello has been running the affairs of the party since Monday, a development that has created division in the ruling party. 6. The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) says some aggrieved members frustrated foreign investors from establishing refineries in the country. IPMAN President, Chinedu Okoronkwo, who was reacting to the fuel scarcity in Nigeria and the increase in the price of aviation fuel and diesel, said the crises could have been prevented if the country had refineries. 7. The Federal Government, yesterday, said 122 persons plus an infant from Warsaw, Poland will arrive at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport today, Friday, March 11, 2022 at the estimated time of 12:40am aboard Air Peace. 8. The Minister of Finance, Budgets and National Planning, Mrs. Zanaib Ahmed has said that the Federal Government, FG, has quietly removed all subsidies in the power sector, with a plan to gradually end subsidies on petrol. 9. A student of Agolo High School Ikare Akoko, North East Council Area of Ondo State has repeatedly been shot during the school’s annual inter-house Sports. It was gathered that two rival cult groups engaged themselves in surprimacy battle, hence the bloody clash during the competition. 10. The All Progressives Congress is currently battling no fewer than 208 court cases, with some of them challenging the leadership of the party in various States and the legitimacy of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee. The cases are threatening the party’s national convention scheduled for March 26.