The Osun State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has reiterated its commitment to the candidacy of Senator Ademola Adeleke. According to the Osun PDP, the Appeal court has reaffirmed the expiration of an Osun High Court ex parte order. The party in a statement signed by Ayodeji Areola, its Publicity Secretary and obtained by DAILY POST in Osogbo, on Sunday, said the Appellate Court’s ruling had cemented the position of the party in electing Senator Ademola Adeleke as its gubernatorial candidate for the July 16 election. The party also stated that, “In line with our pledge to constantly update members of the public about workings of our party, especially within this time of intense electioneering towards the fast approaching governorship election in our dear State, we are today obligated to offer the good people of our State the progress report concerning our great party in Osun State, the PDP. “Today, we are glad to report that the Court of Appeal in Akure has further cemented the position of our great party in electing Senator Ademola Jackson Nurudeen Adeleke as the Governorship Candidate of our party in Osun State. The learned jurists earlier on Friday expressly affirmed that the ex parte injunction of the lower court in Osun State presided over by justice A.A Aderibigbe had lapsed by force of operations of the law. The appellate court stated that setting aside the order is mere academic as the said order had outlived its lifespan. “The Appeal Court also granted prayers of our legal team to put other parties on notice for the hearing of substantive matters before it, through publication in a reputable national daily. “The court also warned counsel to Hon Soji Adagunodo, the National Vice Chairman of our party in the Southwest, who instituted the case at the lower court in Osun State to desist from parading any other person as candidate of the party or making statements against the position of the court. It gave our legal team express permission to report appropriately, counsel to Hon Adagunodo, Barrister Z Buriomoni in case of further affront on the position of the court. “With this, we are glad to reiterate that all legal encumbrances concerning the emergence of our candidate, Senator Ademola Jackson Nurudeen Adeleke, at our Special State Congress, have been set aside and that our great party is good to go without recourse to induced distractions.” While appreciating the party members for their love and concern, the Osun PDP also enjoined them to turn out en masse and vote for their candidate.