A group, the Nigerians in Diaspora (ND) has condemned the suspension of capturing of biometrics for new Enhanced E-Passport at the Nigeria High Commission in London, United Kingdom. The group described the suspension as a wrong signal to many Nigerians particularly those that have had to travel long distances from Scotland, Northern Ireland, Manchester, Cardiff, Birmingham, and so on to the Mission in London without positive resolution of their respective consular issues. The group in a statement issued Monday by Mrs. Ada Liwett, said the High Commissioner was unhappy that the avenue for illegal charges had been stopped following the visitation of the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola who after the launch of the enhanced E-passports abolished the fast track processing. It recalled the deplorable situation of passport issuance and renewals after the lockdown and the then suspension of operations between December 2019 and April 2021 in a supposed attempt to address the issues responsible for the then anomalous situation. It noted that the continuous physical and verbal assaults of the staff of the Mission arising from the frustration many face however led to a meeting of the Nigerian Community convened to find a solution to the challenges associated with passport issuance before it deteriorates into avoidable calamities. The group stressed that the meeting took place on Tuesday, 22nd March 2022, at the Conference room of the Nigeria High Commission, London. It said those present at the meeting were members of the Nigerian Council of Elders in the UK, comprising Pa Adebayo Oladimeji, Arc Otunba Mobolaji Falase, Dr. Boma Douglas, Chief Fred Ajiduah, in concert with the Chairman of Central Association of Nigerians in the United Kingdom (CANUK) – Mr. Ayo Akinfe, leading the Executive members of the Association. The group stressed that the Nigeria High Commission was led to the meeting by the High Commissioner, other members included the Deputy High Commissioner, Head of Immigration, Head of Chancery, Immigration Attachés, staff of the Consular, Education and Welfare Section. It stated: “Apparently optimistic that the said meeting would yield positive results in finding lasting solution to the yearnings of Nigerians in the UK, the shock news broke last night (Sunday) that the biometrics capture on the new Enhanced E-Passport at the Nigeria High Commission in London was suspended with effect from Monday, 28th March 2022. “Suspending this working process again by the High commissioner is, however, tantamount to frustrating the efforts of Immigration for his own selfish interest and subsequently jeopardizing the efforts of Immigration Services in alleviating the problems facing Nigerians in the UK to obtain their legitimate Nigeria passport. “A particular group of aggrieved Nigerians in the UK are said to be making moves to organize a representation of concerned Nigerians to travel from the UK to Nigeria to meet with the Federal House of Representatives and the Senate to bare their minds on the undue hardship they have been subjected to over passports application and issuance since the Nigerian High Commissioner to the UK resumed at the Mission in London.”