Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the people of Gboko Local Government Area have endorsed Governor Samuel Ortom for election as Senator representing Benue North-West senatorial district. Consequently, they have offered to lead the campaign for the election of Governor Ortom as a senator should he declare his interest to run for the election. The people of Gboko bared their minds Wednesday, 2nd March 2022 when they paid a ‘thank you’ visit on Governor Ortom at the Benue Peoples House Makurdi. Chief Mike Mku who spoke for the political class from the local government offered himself to personally lead the Governor’s campaign team anytime he declares his intention to contest the election. According to Chief Mku, “Governor Ortom has done for the people of Gboko what no Governor has ever done through numerous appointments, road projects, construction of a world-class Tor Tiv Palace among others.” On his part, Secretary to the State Government, SSG, Professor Anthony Ijohor, SAN said in 2007 when a Jemgbagh son finished his tenure as Governor, he “was elected to the Senate and the person he brought was also supported to succeed him as Governor.” According to him, with the massive goodwill of Governor Ortom and the precedence that had already been set, the people of Gboko and Jemgbagh, in general, will not only support him to the Senate but also queue behind the person he brings to become Governor in 2023. Ter Gboko, Chief Gabriel Shosum who led traditional rulers as part of the delegation said the people of Gboko came to register their gratitude to the Governor for the many good things he has done for them. He explained that the Governor’s good works in Gboko cut across all the 17 council wards, stressing that another cardinal point of his administration is the discouragement of thuggery which has led to peace in the state. Speaking on behalf of women, Queen Menenge said they were grateful for the many good things the Governor was doing for their husbands, children and themselves, stressing that they were only looking up to the First Lady, Dr Mrs Eunice Ortom who has continued to give them direction. Governor Ortom in response said he was elated by the visit, pointing out that since after the era of COVID-19, he has not received such a powerful delegation as the one from Gboko. The Governor who described Gboko as his first home said he felt fulfilled to have gotten such compliments from the people, stressing that they support him as a family and not as politicians. The Gboko women presented a cake to the Governor with the inscription “Gboko Appointees Saying Thank You Ortom,” after the Governor had been decorated in Tiv Traditional Attires.