The Commissioner For Economic Development and Ibom Deep Seaport, Akwa Ibom State, Mr. Akan Okon has resigned. In a statement made available to our correspondent in Uyo, the state capital, Okon’s resignation was to enable him focus on his aspiration for the 2023 governorship election. Though the governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel had announced Pastor Umo Eno, the Commissioner for Lands and Water Resources as his preferred successor in 2023, Okon’s resignation and subsequent declaration of governorship intention would generate a level of impediment in governor Emmanuel’s camp. According to information, Akan Okon, who is from Itu Local Government whereby if micro-zoning the people of the area are agitating is anything to go by, would stand on a better pedestal for the contest. The former Commissioner in his statement thanked Governor Emmanuel for the privilege given him to partake in the execution of his Divine Mandate Agenda and Completion Agenda respectively. He also thanked the people for the support and encouragement which motivated him in the discharge of the tasks and assignments given to him especially with regards to the envisioned three gateways (Land, Air and Sea). The statement in parts, “Today, Monday, 14th March, 2022, I formally tender my resignation from the Akwa lbom State Executive Council as the Commissioner for Economic Development and Ibom Deep Seaport. “It was an honour and great privilege to serve our State under the leadership of Mr. Udom Emmanuel at such an important phase in our history. I am grateful to God almighty and His Excellency, for giving me the opportunity to serve. “I also thank the good people of our dear state for their support and encouragement which motivated me in the discharge of all the tasks and assignments given to me, especially with regards to the envisioned three gateways (Land, Air and Sea) for the rapid development of our dear state and creation of job opportunities for our teeming and very enterprising youths. “Throughout the duration of my service, I strive diligently to interpret His Excellency’s vision for our State as encapsulated in the Divine Mandate Agenda and Completion Agenda respectively. “As the scripture admonishes “to every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under heaven…” Eccl. 3:It is my deep conviction that this is the best time to take a leave in order to focus on my aspiration for the 2023 Governorship election.” Similarly, a few hours after Mr Okon’s resignation, the Hon Commissioner for Labour and Manpower Development , Pastor Sunny Ibuot also resigned his appointment.