The cult killings in Ogun State might have spread from Abeokuta, the State capital, to Sagamu, where no fewer than eight persons were reportedly killed on Monday. Recall that about seven persons were killed in Abeokuta in the past one week as members of Eiye and Aiye confraternities engaged in a supremacy battle. The clash between the rival cult groups got to its peak following the gruesome murder of an area boy popularly known as Tommy in Oluwo, Abeokuta. Since the death of Tommy, residents of Abeokuta have been leaving under fear of possible escalation of the crisis. As of Sunday evening, locals in Panseke, Onikolobo, Oluwo, Adigbe fled for dear lives as gunshots rent the air. Though the police said 18 persons have been arrested, calm seems not to have been restored as the crisis has now escalated to Sagamu, Remo axis of Ogun. As early as 7am on Sunday, sources confirmed to DAILY POST that some young men stormed the town, killing their targets. While a few of the victims were picked up by the police, others were said to have been taken away by their parents. A source told our correspondent that one Akeem, an electrician was killed at the Ajegunle area of Sagamu around 7am. “Akeem did not die immediately, but when they were rushing him to the hospital, another bike hit them and he fell from the bike. That was how he died eventually. His intestines were coming out because he was shot in the stomach,” the source, who pleaded anonymity said. It was also gathered that some of the victims were murdered in places like Soyindo, Ijagba, Ajegunle and Sabo; all in Sagamu. “There’s this pain of praying for the same thing for years and not getting a response because we’re channelling our energy in the wrong direction. We want peace in the State, to bring an end to these lingering cult clashes, it affects everybody. Every street in Sagamu is literally empty,” Awoyemi Michael stated. At the moment, residents of Sagamu are calling on the police to put the situation under control. When contacted, the Ogun State Police Spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, promised to revert with more details on the killings. However, he did not pick his calls when our correspondent called him back after about an hour. Meanwhile, Oyeyemi had earlier threatened that the police would deal with all cultists in the state. He said the Command would also arrest and prosecute landlords harbouring cultists in Ogun, even as he charged parents to warn their children. Governor Dapo Abiodun had also assured residents of the State that he would not allow some hoodlums to truncate the peace in Ogun. Abiodun assured that the state would be peaceful for residents and investors alike.