When Martin Luther King (jnr.) said in one of his most famous quotes on leadership, “A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus”, the late sage was reminding us of the power we have as leaders to listen deeply and bring people together in discourse in order to arrive at a popular decision. Such power is more prominent in a democracy like ours, especially, where there are diverse interests and shades of opinions on specific matters and where every stakeholder in the political system is regarded as a leader in their own wise. At such times when there are contrasting opinions and or interests on particular issues, it becomes the responsibility of such consensus molders to search for a common ground with a view to engendering probity, equity and justice in the system. Meanwhile, as we count down to the 2023 general elections in Nigeria, there are several issues bothering on zoning and choice of candidates which if not handled with human face will destroy the very fabric of our democracy, nay society, due to the bad blood it will generate. In Enugu State, for instance, one of such issues borders on the section of the State that will produce the next governor in 2023. However, this discourse is not about the debate on the zone that is entitled to produce Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s successor. Rather, it is about a section of the State that has been so relegated to the background for no fault of theirs in spite of the unprecedented contributions they have made in the development of Enugu right from the Old Eastern Region administration; it is about a people that have sacrificed and relinquished over 90 per cent of their land resources to make Enugu metropolis what it is today even when such sacrifices are to the detriment of their future generations; it is about Nike Clan in Enugu East Local Government Area which can be regarded as the heartbeat of Enugu State. To express their commitment in the development of Igbo land in general and Enugu in particular, as well as prove their uncommon hospitality, the people of Nike willingly gave out their most prized assets and what would have been the inheritance of their children for the building of such government infrastructure as the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium, Old University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, National Orthopedic Hospital, Neuropsychiatric Hospital, College of Dental Technology, 82 Division Nigerian Army, Project Development Institute (PRODA), and Nigeria Police Force headquarters. Others are the State secretariat, federal secretariat, State High Court, Federal High Court, National Industrial Court of Nigeria, Court of Appeal, Enugu State House of Assembly, Enugu State Government House, the popular Okpara Square, University of Nigeria, Enugu Campus, Enugu State University Teaching Hospital, Institute of Management and Technology, Enugu State College of Education (Technical) and some coal mine sites, just to mention a few. Yet! There has not been a commensurate effort by power brokers to integrate this section of the State into the political leadership of the State. Enugu State is made up of three senatorial districts, namely, Enugu East, Enugu West and Enugu North. It is common knowledge that the governorship position of the State has seamlessly gone round the three senatorial districts. Above all, it is a fact that in line with the subsisting and seamless rotation of the governorship position in the state, Enugu East Senatorial District has been anointed to produce the governor of the state in 2023. Furthermore, Enugu East Senatorial District has three federal constituencies, namely, Enugu North/ Enugu South, Nkanu East/Nkanu West and Isi-Uzo/Enugu East. Sadly, the first two federal constituencies have always been enjoying high profile political appointments either at the federal or state levels, leaving the latter to trail at their mercy. For instance, Enugu North/Enugu South Federal Constituency has produced a governor in the person of Chief Jim Nwobodo. There is even a school of thought that suggests that Chief C. C. Onoh’s (late) tenure as governor of Old Anambra State should count for Enugu North Local Government Area though his community was then in Udi Local Government Area of the state when he was elected. The same area has also produced Senate President in the person of Sen. Ken Nnamani, minister and presidential aides. In the current democratic dispensation, Nkanu East/Nkanu West Federal Constituency produced the first democratically elected governor of the State, Sen. (Dr.) Chimaroke Nnamani, two deputy governors in the persons of Chief Sunday Onyebuchi and Rev. Oye. The area has also produced ministers, ambassador, Secretary to the State Government and presidential aides. The third federal constituency, Isiuzo/Enugu East, has yet to enjoy the type of political patronage accorded to their kith and kin in the two aforementioned federal constituencies. The closest it got was when Mr Chijioke Edeoga from Isiuzo Local Government Area was appointed presidential aide by former President Goodluck Jonathan. As the saying goes, “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” The people of Isi-Uzo/Enugu East Federal Constituency have for long suffered political relegation and there seems to be a deliberate effort by politicians in other parts of the senatorial district in particular and Enugu State in general to keep them in perpetual political darkness. Furthermore, in consideration of the local government area that will produce the governor if narrowed down to Isi-Uzo/Enugu East Federal Constituency, it is important that the issue of seniority comes into play. It is the tradition in Enugu that whenever there is a gathering that requires the breaking of kola nut in Nkanu land, a Nike man will always be requested to break the kola nut. This is a clear indication that Nike is not just the eldest of Nkanu sons but also the landlord of Enugu metropolis. Meanwhile, in Igbo culture, whenever there is something to be shared among siblings in a family , the eldest of them takes first as a mark of respect and seniority. Consequently, it is in the interest of justice, equity, fairness and brotherly love, every political party in the 2023 general elections in the State considers ceding the position to Nike clan. Nike clan is not lacking in human resources on whose shoulders the administration of the State can squarely rest on, as they have technocrats and intellectuals who have distinguished themselves in every field of human endeavour. Nike is Enugu and Enugu is Nike. Would it, then, be asking for too much to appeal to Ndi Enugu and indeed all men of goodwill to give this part of the state a sense of belonging by supporting a governor of Nike extraction come 2023 just as former President Goodluck Jonathan, from a region considered to be the bird that lays the golden egg in Nigeria was allowed to become the president of Nigeria. Just as the saying goes, “The time is always right to do what is right”. At this time in the history of the State, Enugu State governor of Nike extraction will be a popular decision. Sam Ngwu writes from Nike Patriotic Front