The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Kogi State chapter, has described as inhuman the percentage payment of February salaries for medical doctors with the state service. It called for the reversal of the bad development and appealed to Governor Yahaya Bello to direct the completion of the instalment payment made for the February 2022 salary by the end of this month. The NMA made the call in the communiqué jointly signed by its Chairman, Dr Omakoji Simeon Oyiguh; and Secretary, Dr Chimezie Udebuani, and made available to journalist on Tuesday in Lokoja. It urged the Governor to note that it had been two years of peaceful and harmonious industrial relationship in the medical sector in the state. The association, therefore advised the governor’s handlers on the issue of the percentage salary to prevent anything that would cause a breakdown of the much cherished relationship already developed over the past two years. The communique reads in part: “The communiqué at the end of the regular meeting of the State Officers’ Committee (SOC) of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Kogi State Chapter, held on 15th March, 2022. The meeting observed that the salary of the medical doctors working with the Government of Kogi State was in percentage (69.97%). ”The meeting further observed that the payment in percentage was done despite lack of notice or invitation for negotiation to members whose salaries are to be affected. ”The NMA Kogi chapter, in a letter to the Executive Governor, His Excellency Governor Yahaya Bello, dated 7th March, 2022, drew the attention of the governor to non invitation to participate in any negotiation, and the expectation of the NMA for payment of full salary for the month of February 2022. ”The NMA Kogi chapter, requests His Excellency, to note that it has been two years of peaceful and harmonious industrial relationship in the medical sector, and the governor’s handlers on the issue of the percentage salary should be cautioned against doing anything that will cause a breakdown of the much cherished relationship already developed. ”The NMA Kogi chapter, hereby calls on the Governor of Kogi State, His Excellency, Alh. Yahaya Bello, to direct that the February 2022 salary of medical doctors working with the government of Kogi State, be fully paid.”