Following the killing of 15 persons by cultists in Abeokuta and Sagamu areas of Ogun State, Governor Dapo Abiodun has ordered the relocation of security agencies to Sagamu. A statement by Gov Abiodun’s Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, said the governor “directed the State Commissioner of Police, the Commander of the 35 Artillery Brigade (of the Nigerian Army) and the Director, State Security Service (DSS) to relocate their operations to Sagamu.” Their mission, according to Somorin, is to fish out those involved in the recent cult activities in Sagamu, where eight persons were murdered on Monday morning. Somorin said the Governor had equally directed the security agencies to intensify efforts towards apprehending those who were behind cult killings in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. Abiodun, who condemned the cult activities, instructed that no stone should be left unturned by the security agencies in their efforts to bring the culprits to book. While confirming that the cult clashes “left some people dead and others injured,” the Governor urged all peace-loving residents of Sagamu and Abeokuta to cooperate with the security agents in their efforts to rid the towns and environs of cultists and other criminal elements. He charged the youths to shun all acts that could jeopardise their future and bring shame to their parents, saying his “administration has invested heavily in programmes and activities designed to equip our youths with the necessary skills and education that could make their future better.” Abiodun warned youths not to endanger their future by getting involved in crime, telling parents and guardians to ensure their children and wards stay away from criminality. “We have zero tolerance for any act that could disturb the peace we have been enjoying in Ogun State since the commencement of this Administration. We will deal decisively with anyone intent on disturbing that peace,” the statement concluded. DAILY POST reports that the supremacy battle between Eiye and Aiye confraternities left about seven persons dead in Abeokuta, including an area boy in Oluwo, popularly known as Tommy. After Tommy was killed, the crisis escalated and it spread to Sagamu, where eight others were shot dead in different locations. Residents of the affected areas have been living in fears, even as the police assured them that calm had been restored.