Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF) has demanded the immediate resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari over the raging killings across the country, especially in the north. The Director, Publicity and Advocacy of NEF, Dr. Hakeem Baba-Ahmed, made the call on Tuesday. 2. Gunmen have attacked a Mosque at Maisamari town, in Sardauna Local Government Area of Taraba State, killing Alhaji Abdulkadir Maisamari, a district head. According to eyewitnesses, Maisamari was killed during Ishai prayers on Tuesday. 3. At least 25 people were killed in attacks on several villages in three Local Government Areas of Benue State, on Tuesday morning. It was gathered that villages in the three Local Government Areas of Guma, Logo and Tarka came under severe gunfire between 8pm on Monday night and 3am on Tuesday, in what appeared to be a coordinated siege by invaders. 4. Senator Abdullahi Adamu has resigned as the Senator representing Nasarawa West in the 9th Senate. Senator Abubakar Kyari has also relinquished his position as lawmaker representing Borno North. 5. Report emerged yesterday that Peter Nwachukwu, the husband of late gospel music star, Osinachi, has a ‘secret’ wife outside of their turbulent union. Nwachukwu is believed to have wedded the woman with whom he shares a romantic relationship in a church but hid the union from Osinachi and her family. 6. The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Abiodun Alabi has ordered immediate commencement of appropriate disciplinary measures on a Police officer pictured smoking weed at the Ijora area of the State. The Spokesperson of the Command, SP Benjamin Hundeyin stated this in a statement on Tuesday. 7. The All Progressives Congress (APC) caucus in the Senate has wished Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo good luck in his quest to lead Nigeria. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, who led the APC senators to the Villa, spoke with reporters after a closed door-meeting. 8. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, Lagos Zone, yesterday, warned that the rejection of University Transparency and Accountability Solution by the National Information Technology Development Agency will continue to elongate the ongoing strike. 9. There are indications that the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, may cripple the economy for three days in solidarity with the striking four university-based unions. The indication emerged yesterday after the NLC met with the unions at the Labour House, Abuja, over the failure of the Federal Government to address the concerns raised by the unions. 10. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has released the final list of candidates and the parties that would participate in the 2022 Osun gubernatorial poll. The list, which was released on Tuesday, contained the names of the candidates, deputies and their other details.