Frank Akpan, the father of the first accused in the alleged murder of a University of Uyo graduate and job seeker, Ms Iniubong Umoren has claimed that his son is schizophrenic and is an outpatient of the University of Uyo Teaching Hospital. The father also said he was neither aware of late Umoren’s murder nor that her body was exhumed in his compound in Uruan Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State. Mr. Frank Akpan, a retired Civil Servant and second accused person was giving evidence in his defence before the Uyo High Court presided by Justice Bassey Nkanang. His evidence is coming a few days after his son, Uduak Frank Akpan, the first accused person, denied knowing the late Iniubong Umoren nor having raped her or any other woman since he was born. He explained that on the day the said incident occurred, he was in the house of his secondary school classmate at Uko Eshiet Street, Uyo and only returned home at about 7pm, to be told by his son that, there was an undisclosed medical emergency for which he advised him to hold on till the next morning. The accused person said his son then came back and told him that he was travelling to Calabar before he heard a knock on the gate of his house by Policemen from Uruan Divisional Headquarters who later told him that they were in search of a missing lady. He said he conducted the Police around his house and thereafter, was taken to the Police Anti-Kidnapping Unit, Uyo, where he was detained, until his son was arrested and himself freed from Police custody. Concerning the text message he allegedly sent to his daughter’s phone stating “He was using a flying boat, he should not be talking about dying, but escaping” the accused person admitted that he sent the text but that he was not referring it to his son’s escape. Mr. Frank Akpan is standing trial for being an accessory to murder, while his son, Uduak is charged with murder and rape and his daughter, Bassey Anwan charged for harbouring her brother in her residence in Calabar in a bid to assist him to escape justice. Justice Bassey Nkanang has adjourned the case to the 10th and 11th of May, 2022, for the continuation of defence by the third accused person (Mr. Frank Akpan’s daughter)