U.S. Ambassador to the UN, Linda Thomas-Greenfield has described the adoption of the resolution to suspend Russia from the Human Rights Council as an “important and historic moment”. Thomas-Greenfield spoke on Thursday at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) following the vote in response to Russian forces’ alleged killing of civilians in Ukraine. The United States was the last country to speak during the day-long meeting. “It was not only about accountability for Russia but also about standing with the people of Ukraine,” Thomas-Greenfield said. “Today, the international community took one collective step in the right direction. “We ensured a persistent and egregious human rights violator will not be allowed to occupy a position of leadership on human rights at the UN,” he added. Thomas-Greenfield said Member States should continue to hold Russia accountable for this unprovoked, unjust, unconscionable war – and to do everything in our power to stand with the people of Ukraine. Recall that UNGA had earlier adopted a resolution calling for Russia to be suspended from the Human Rights Council. The resolution received a two-thirds majority of those voting, minus abstentions, in the 193-member Assembly, with 93 nations voting in favour and 24 against. Fifty-eight abstained from the process, while Russia, China, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Vietnam, were among those who voted against. Those abstaining included Nigeria, India, Brazil, South Africa, Jordan, Qatar, Kuwait, Iraq, Pakistan, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, Mexico, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Cambodia and the United Arab Emirates. The meeting marked the resumption of a special emergency session on the ongoing war in Ukraine and followed reports of violations committed by Russian forces. However, this is not the first time that a Member State has had its membership of the Human Rights Council suspended. Recall that Libya lost its seat in 2011, following repression of protests by ruler Muammar Gaddafi, who was later overthrown.