The chairman of Revenue Mobilization Allocation and Fiscal Commission, Engr. Elias Mbam alongside prominent stakeholders of Izzi clan, have rejected the purported endorsement of Ebonyi State House of Assembly Speaker, Francis Nwifuru, as the APC governorship candidate come 2023. Recall that some traditional rulers from Izzi clan had recently endorsed Nwifuru to succeed Governor David Umahi in 2023. But Mbam and other stakeholders of Izzi clan, who spoke with journalists in Abakaliki capital of Ebonyi State on Saturday, rejected the endorsement of Nwifuru and inferred that the monarchs are on their own. According to Mbam: “Whatever anyone is saying, he or she is saying it based on his or her personal interest. It does not represent the opinion of Izzi people. The governor met with us, directed that we look and bring to him, on whom we would like to be considered to run for governorship. But, while we are yet to choose, the traditional rulers went and made a statement that they have endorsed him. “Are traditional rulers politicians? Are they supposed to choose candidates for the party? Also, the stakeholders of All Progressives Congress, APC, in Izzi have called on the National Chairman of the party, Senator Abdulahi Adamu to save the party from collapse in Ebonyi, especially as the 2023 general elections approach. The stakeholders alleged that there was a concluded plan to impose one of governorship aspirants and a prominent lawmaker from the area on the people and avowed that they won’t tolerate it. The stakeholders, who included a former envoy, Chief Alex Nwofe, Chief Michael Udenwe, Chief Nick Ochigbo, Uchenna Nshi, Godwin Nwamkpuma and many others, described the plot as undemocratic. According to them: “We the concerned APC stakeholders of Izzi clan/extraction hereby disassociate ourselves from further deliberation on the matter as we have lost confidence in the fairness and impartiality of the members of the committee to achieve the target as mandated to us by His Excellency, the Governor. “These processes are contrary to the democratic norms and practices of due process as applicable to the democratic world, the Electoral Act 2022 as amended and APC Constitution. “We, therefore, call on the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), His Excellency, Senator Abdullahi Adamu and all the National executives of our party to intervene and nip the crisis in the bud before it escalates to ruin the chances of our party in winning the forthcoming general elections,” they stated.