The presidency has condemned the attack on President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives (APC) by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). A statement by presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu described the party’s “fantasy communiqué” as a “work of fiction by those who truly believe black is white and one plus one equals three”. Shehu accused the PDP of covering up the serial and criminal failures of their damaging period which Buhari and the APC have strived to repair since assuming power. Listing PDP’s ‘sins’, he said they had an army full of phantom soldiers whose pay went to PDP politicians’ pockets, while real soldiers died in the fight against insurgents and international allies refused to supply Nigeria kit and military aid. Shehu said Nigeria now has fighter jets from partners and Boko Haram waa being driven from every inch of Nigerian territory, and ISWAP leader was eliminated in an airstrike. “We cannot ignore how PDP politicians sought – and continue to seek – to inflame ethnic and religious tensions by refusing to even proffer a solution to the herder-farmer clashes which became most prevalent under their misrule. “Today with APC in government, there are ranches on Federal land and in state land where there is the willingness to establish them. Clashes are reduced. Lives are saved, and livelihoods are enriched. “PDP politicians encouraged and exploited the black market in currency exchange to convert ill-gotten gains to foreign currency and undermine our national currency, then spirited their funds abroad in their billions and into foreign bank accounts,” he said. Shehu said the APC had achieved self-sufficiency in rice and fertilizer production because it refused to allow greedy politicians and businessmen to hide their money overseas, and instead build an economy for all. The presidency said PDP politicians raided the NNPC, consistently failed to pay into the Federation Account and, in their last year of misrule, $20billion was simply found “missing”. The government said NNPC funds were now directly and transparently used to fund social and health programmes like the COVID-19 response, the construction of roads, bridges and rail, and equipping of hospitals. Shehu told the opposition that the people do not believe a word they say because they play politics of division and hate and create communal disturbances. The presidency told the PDP that to the credit of the Buhari administration and the APC, Nigeria’s economy recovered faster and stronger than the entire world ever imagined.