A member of the House of Representatives representing Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Kajola/Iwajowa federal constituency in Oyo State, Shina Abiola Peller has revealed it was the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Atanda Olayiwola Adeyemi who encouraged him to join politics. DAILY POST recalls that the news of the passage of the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Adeyemi filtered in at the early hours of Saturday. https://dailypost.ng/2022/04/23/alaafin-of-oyo-oba-lamidi-adeyemi-joins-his-ancestors/ The lawmaker in a statement signed by his Press Secretary, Kola Popoola in reaction to the monarch’s death said the monarch was a close ally of his late father, Professor Moshoood Abiola Peller. In a tribute in honour of the departed monarch, Peller described him as a father, motivator and youth-driven monarch who would always encourage the youth to rise to the challenge of taking the lead in the rebuilding process of Nigeria. He revealed that the late monarch advised him to join politics in 2018 and vie for an elective position even when he had no intention. He added that the monarch challenged him again in 2020 to take up the task of promoting peace and prosperity in the land, hence the conferment of the chieftaincy title of Ayedero of Yorubaland on him by the monarch. Peller, who is the Ayedero of Yorubaland in the statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Sunday said, “I was very close to the Alaafin, and my relationship with him could be described in different ways. He was like a father to me because I grew up knowing him as one. He was a very close ally of my late father, Professor Peller; they were very good friends. “Also, the late Oba Lamidi, a youth-driven monarch, was a great motivator to me. He would always tell me about the need for the youth to rise to the challenge of rebuilding Nigeria. It was on this note that he advised that I joined the political race in 2018, even when I had no intention. I remember vividly how he prayed for me that my people would vote for me as their representative at the lower chamber. And behold, it happened. “Moreover, sometime in 2020, the royal father called to inform me of his decision to confer on me the traditional chieftaincy title of Ayedero of Yorubaland, the promoter of peace and prosperity in the land. He explained that our society was witnessing a very critical and challenging period citing the COVID-19 pandemic and insecurity as instances”.