The federal government has been tasked to do its part in activating the TINAPA Business Resort built by Donald Duke’s government in Cross River State. Senator Gershom Bassey made the call in Calabar when he spoke to PDP enthusiasts and stakeholders. He said the Federal Government failed to follow the processes of establishing the resort because of the lack of political will. Senator Bassey said the key success factors for Tinapa were the responsibility of the Federal Government. He said if these factors were not put in place, Tinapa could never work because of three factors, including road, air and sea. “How do you access Tinapa? There are three ways such as by road and of course, the road even from Uyo to Tinapa is very bad. So, no road accessing Tinapa. The second factor is by air and the Margaret Ekpo International airport has the shortest runway in the whole of Nigeria. The other one is by sea and we have an inland waterway that is not dredged. “These three critical factors were in the blueprint and planning of the Tinapa Business Resort project, which I was a critical part of when Donald Duke was governor. “In fact, the federal government had guaranteed these three factors to Duke when he was building Tinapa. “The Olusegun Obasanjo administration personally guaranteed the provision of good access to Tinapa by road, air and sea …” the Senator further revealed. He emphasized that lack of political will was not at the state level but at the Federal level. “The Federal Government must show a sustained commitment towards developmental objectives of States under the Federation. “Federal Government must rekindle its promise and commitment to undertake the provision of access to Tinapa by road, air and sea in order to achieve the set objectives of the project and to sustain the costs and maintenance of those infrastructures over time.” He contended that the amount and zeal applied in the pursuit of the Calabar Deep Sea Port should have been used to concentrate on the dredging of the Cross River channel leading to the Calabar port. Senator Bassey alleged that a current governor in the Southeast who was then in charge of NPA has refused to give an account of the dredging of the Calabar channel. Bassey concluded that “If we must solve the problems of TINAPA, we must go to the fundamental root and principles of the foundation to solve them. If sufficient political will exists on the part of the Federal Government to meet their public commitments to Cross River State, the Tinapa dream will be rekindled”.