Land grabbers, who have been disturbing land owners and property developers have been warned by the Osun State Government to desist from such illegality or face the full wrath of the law. This warning was given in a press statement signed by Funke Egbemode, the State Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, obtained by DAILY POST on Monday, in Osogbo. The Osun State Government also dissociated itself from the activities of the miscreants who have been harassing land owners and property developers and engaging in other anti-economic activities across the State. The statement reads, “The attention of the Osun State Government has been drawn to the actions of certain miscreants disrupting activities at building sites and harassing land owners and developers in some parts of the State. “The government condemns absolutely the activities of these miscreants who have been harassing land owners and property developers, and engaging in other anti-economic activities across the State. “The public should note that the Oyetola-led government of Osun State is a responsible one, reputed for due process and the rule of law. The government is hereby dissociating itself from any form of harassment and warning in the strongest of terms those who have been disturbing land owners and property developers to desist from such or face the full wrath of the law.” The State government revealed that security operatives had been fully briefed about the development and they had been directed to go after, arrest and prosecute those found harassing the residents of the State. “We wish to reiterate that the administration of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola will not condone any act of criminality by anyone, done under any guise. “In Osun, nobody who runs foul of the law will be spared. A criminal is a criminal, whether old or young, rich or highly placed,” the government said. The State government, while warning parents and guardians, to rein in their wards and children before the law catches up with them, reiterated that it will spare no effort or expense to protect Osun in order to dissuade criminal elements from pitching their tents in the State. The cases of land grabbing had gone on the increase lately in the State, a development which had made residents accuse both the government and security agencies of complicity.