Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, admitted that insecurity is one of the challenges threatening Nigeria’s existence. The President said this at an Iftar dinner with religious and traditional rulers at the State House, Abuja, on Thursday. 2. Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, on Thursday, vowed to take the war to bandits if he wins the 2023 Presidency, saying the criminal elements would run if they hear his name. The presidential aspirant said this when he wooed delegates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Taraba State. 3. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, yesterday, said despite the insecurity and other challenges facing the country, the 2023 general elections will go on as scheduled. The INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, said this on Thursday at the public presentation of the 2022-2026 Strategic Plan (SP) and the 2023 Election Project Plan (EPP) in Abuja. 4. The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr Iyorchia Ayu, has asked anti-graft agencies to arrest any presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) who purchases the N100 million nomination and Expression of Interest forms, alleging that the party is out to inflict more pains on Nigerians with the exorbitant price of the forms. 5. Boko Haram fighters have wreaked another havoc on Geidam, a Yobe town that was attacked in 2021. According to residents, the sect members sneaked into the town on Wednesday night without firing a single shot. 6. First Lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari, yesterday, hosted presidential aspirants across political parties in an Iftar dinner at the Presidential Villa on Saturday. The information was contained in an invitation letter issued to the guests sighted in Abuja on Thursday. 7. Operatives of the Police in Katsina State, Thursday, rescued a woman and her 15-month-old baby after killing two out of the seven terrorists who kidnapped them from Tsamiyar Gamzako village, in Kafur Local Government Area of the State. The police spokesman in the State, SP Gambo Isah disclosed this while parading the remains of the hoodlums. 8. The Federal Government, yesterday, said it does not envisage the completion of the entire Ogoni Cleanup project during the lifetime of the current administration. The Minister of Environment, Mohammed Hassan Abdullahi, disclosed this while addressing State House Correspondents after a meeting with President Muhammadu. 9. The abductors of the founder of Solid Rock Church in Akwa Ibom State, Apostle John Okoriko are presently demanding the sum of N30million as ransom for his release. A source close to the family, who disclosed this to newsmen on Thursday in Uyo, recalled that the suspected kidnappers had initially demanded the sum of one hundred million naira (N100m) for his release. 10. The Independent National Electoral Commission will spend not less than N239.2bn on procuring voting materials and vehicles that will be used for the 2023 general elections. This is according to the 2023 General Election Project Plan that was launched by INEC in Abuja on Thursday.