The new national woman leader of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr Betta Edu, has reacted to the approval of free nomination forms for all female aspirants contesting elective positions on the platform of the party in 2023. Recall that the APC, led by Senator Abdullahi Adamu, had approved free nomination forms for all female aspirants vying for its tickets for various elective positions for the forthcoming primaries and main general election in 2023. This was announced after a meeting of the newly inaugurated National Working Committee of the party held on Wednesday in Abuja. Reacting to the development in a statement forwarded to DAILY POST on Friday, the APC National Woman Leader, Betta Edu, who championed the cause for the women, expressed satisfaction and stated that the party has taken bold steps to mainstream women. She noted that female aspirants seeking elective offices would no longer complain of funds to purchase the nomination forms, as it had been made free for them by the party’s leadership. According to Edu, it had always been on her programme to ensure and facilitate increased women’s participation in the electoral process, adding that even though funding sets some women back, this new initiative by the party is the first of its kind. The woman leader thanked Adamu and other national executive members of the party for making her dream a reality. On her part, Abia Representative, APC Progressive Young Women Forum (APC-PYWF), Mrs Ibe Glory, expressed joy at the party’s gesture and described it as the first of its kind. She also expressed her profound appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari and Adamu, for being gender-friendly. Ibe thanked Edu for working towards approving free nomination forms for women. According to the Abia representative, “you have done well and I thank God who made it possible for you to achieve your dream”. “APC government has done so well. This has never happened anywhere before in Nigeria. “I personally appreciate and acknowledge the following for their unalloyed support and love for women’s inclusion in decision making. “Hon Stella Okotete, the former National Women leader, the brain behind Progressive Young Women Forum (APC PYWF), a woman who brought up the notion that young women should be given a voice in Nigeria. I appreciate her. “Hon Nkeiruka Onyejeocha, Deputy Chief Whip, Federal House of Representative, the lioness who sponsored the bill to create extra 111 political seats for Nigerian women. You are amazing”.