Singer Ayodeji Balogun AKA Wizkid’s first baby mama, Shola Ogudu has urged Nigerians not to blame Chrisland school for the immoral act committed by some of its students. DAILY POST had reported that the Lagos State Government on Monday shut down Chrisland after footage of a 10-year-old female student being allegedly gang-raped and abused by some students emerged. The footage which has gone viral shows the pupils in a sexual act that the mother of the female student said was done under the influence. Reacting, Shola on her Instagram page said that the 10-year old belonged to a clique known for engaging in nasty activities. She said her son, Tife brought the video to her attention and when confronted the minor was not remorseful. Shola noted that while in Dubai the teachers worked hard to take care of the student on different floors. She added that the students waited until midnight to do the ‘nasty act and the word RAPE’ is being used loosely without considering how much damage it can cause. She urged parents to pay close attention to their kids and what they are exposed to. “I accompanied my son to represent his school at the just concluded WSG and I can say for a fact that the 10 yr old in question was DEFINITELY not raped. I remember vividly the ‘SHOCK’ in my son’s face when he was telling me about a video some other kid was watching, he said Mum, I couldn’t stand the video I had to excuse myself, he said the gist circulating was that the girl and her click played a game of truth or dare, of which this particular girl couldn’t stop with the mind bugging’DARES’ I couldn’t believe my ears when I learned about the nasty activities these lil kids get themselves involved in. ”Seeing this post now and the twist of it all. I just couldn’t take it ( cos I know for a fact how very very strict the teachers were on this trip) blaming such immorality and negligence on the school is unfair because it DEFINITELY WASNT RLNE!!! “The students were in a hotel where other schools also stayed and they made sure the boys’ room was on the 10th floor and the girls’ room 2nd floor. “The teachers did their parade 3-5 times daily making sure they were all in their rooms. There were over 70kids to 5-6 teachers (these teachers went through hell trying to get them together) But for you to know how badly behaved these kids were, they waited till after midnight (after the last roll call) to get their nasty acts on.” Shola further said Nigerians can blame the guardians for trying their best and breaking their backs for kids but “CHARITY BEGINS AT HOME.”