An Ibadan chief, Oloye Adegboyega Adegoke, has enjoined members of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State to shun politics of bitterness. Adegoke, who is the Aare-Onibon Balogun of Ibadanland, noted that this is necessary in order for the party to win the forthcoming general elections in the state. Adegoke, while speaking, appealed to members of the party to abide by the principle of all-inclusiveness and politics without violence or bitterness. He made these disclosures in Ibadan while meeting with APC chairmen in nine local governments areas that make up Oyo South Senatorial District on Thursday. Our correspondent gathered that the nine local governments that make up Oyo South are; Ibadan North, Ibadan North East, Ibadan North West, Ibadan South East, Ibadan South West, Ibarapa Central, Ibarapa East, Ibarapa North and Ido Local Government Areas. Adegoke, while addressing the party chairmen, explained that the only way for the party to win these local government areas within the senatorial district and other senatorial districts is for the members to come together for the benefit of the party. He said that this will help the party to win the state in landmark victory. He explained that the senatorial district needed a competent hand to represent it in the next political dispensation. Adegoke said, “I want to implore all of us to come together for the benefit of the party so that we can win the state in a landmark victory. “I want to appeal as well that we should always abide by the principle of all-inclusiveness and politics without violence or bitterness but politics of objectivity and constructive in all steps taken to reach the promised land. “All we are doing is to bring everybody together for the benefit of the party. We are here to meet the nine local governments Chairmen that made up Oyo South, to intimate them about my aspiration, to seek their support so that my ambition can become a reality. “I want to enjoin you all to remain steadfast, remain committed to this course and party, so that at the end of the day, victory shall be ours.”