With intense love and passion for Afrobeat music, the Grammy Award nominee, Terry Daniel Aweke popularly known by his stage name Terri is one of the new enthusiastic young stars already booming the Nigerian music industry. Earlier on, Terri’s talent won the heart of Wizkid in 2017 with a cover of his song “Oshey”. He was later signed into Starboy Entertainment in 2018 where he became conspicuous with his appearance on Wizkid’s “Soco”. The song had also featured Spotless and Ceeza Milli. According to Terri, working under Wizkid’s bosom was a dream come true, he said “From the beginning of Wizkid’s career till now he is my idol. Before anyone knew he would be this big, he has been my idol. Working with him has been a dream come true. I did a cover for one of Wizkid’s songs, shortly after, I got a message from one of his producers, Legendary Mutay, that he liked what I did with the song. He said that they have seen my freestyle and wanted to work with me. I did not know I would work with Wizkid” In brevity, been signed into Starboy Entertainment was a favor Terri deserved as he vehemently worked for it. One can clearly tell how selective and conscious a 31-year-old global pop star like Wizkid is with his collaborations especially with upcoming artists. A depression-killer song and medicine to the soul like “Soco” could only augment his popularity; and simultaneously paved way for his Grammy award nomination. This is acceptably pleasant and encouraging for the dream chaser who stepped into the industry at the eleventh hour where competition, lack of fund, and other challenges inhibit productivity. Ever since, his talent of mesmerizing penmanship and vocal competence led to his signing into one of the Nigerian high-rated labels. This contributed to his fast-blowing popularity and productivity. The pace and melody which he delivers his music effortlessly benefits us individually and collectively as it creates a feeling of cohesion or social connectedness. On Friday 22 April, the 22-years old singer and songwriter unleased a new mind-blowing six-tracks EP “In Transit” subsequent to his “Afro Series” album which was released on the 1st may, 2020. The project proved beyond doubt the fate trailing his recent marked genuity in the industry. The social lifestyle expressions and effective, intricate melody composition was made possible by the one of the best producers in Nigeria music industry, viz. P.Priime, Krizbeatz, and Mugeez from Ghana. Krizbeatz manned “Danger” while track 2, 4, and 6 were engineered by Princeton, and Runcheck for “Chargie”. The 6-tracks extended play record includes: Danger
Holy Water
Wanna know
For Here
Chargie
No lie His expressions in one of the tracks “Charge” where he featured one of the R2bees singers Mugeez. According to the lad, “In Transit” describes the metamorphosis of his music journey and his hope for future achievements. In his words:
“It’s me thinking about where I’m coming from, acknowledging my growth, and getting closer to my goals; I went through the previous year investigating various sounds and sharpening my specialty – this venture is a record of that imaginative excursion, as well as my own excursion going through the various feelings of adoration, connections, and sentiment. ‘In Transit’ is a progress from where I was artistically, to where I am currently, and where I’m going. It’s me pondering what I’m accustomed to, recognizing my development, and drawing nearer to my objectives”. Not just that, the other five tracks confess the pace, elation, and sensation felt by the singer in love and romance. “I spent the past year exploring different sounds and honing my craft.” He called it an account of his “artistic journey” and “personal journey going through the different emotions of love, relationships, and romance”, Terri explained. Though quiet an album, each song dropped by Terri excels independently. Notwithstanding, he understands that he still has to fight restlessly to the top of the food chain hence, the significance of the album title.