Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture, has reacted to reports of alleged defection of some of his supporters in the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara to the Social Democratic Party (SDP). The Minister also said he has no intention of dumping the ruling party, insisting that he has laboured so much for the party, as a founding member, to leave now. Mohammed, in a statement made available to reporters in Abuja on Tuesday, said despite his supporters being genuinely aggrieved at the way and manner they are being allegedly treated by the Kwara State Governor, his leaving the party is not the solution. Mohammed, who did not deny that the supporters have actually left the ruling party, said they were unhappy that their immeasurable contributions to the massive victory of the party in the state in 2019 are taken for granted by the state government. “We have taken the grievances of our supporters to the highest level of our party, and we have cause to believe that everything will be done to address the grievances and unite the party ahead of the 2023 elections,” Lai Mohammed said. Reports had emerged suggesting that hundreds of APC members on the side of the minister dumped the party, settling for the Social Democratic Party ahead of the 2023 general elections. “I am therefore appealing to those who may have left to reconsider their stand and return to their natural habitat,” Mohammed said. “On my part, as a founding member of the APC, as someone who has toiled endlessly to build the party and as one who has worked with stakeholders to deliver Kwara State to the APC, leaving the party is not an option. I am a bonafide member of the APC and I have no intention of leaving the party. “All through my political career, I have always remained loyal to any party in which I have found myself. That is not about to change now. “I want to use this opportunity to once again call on the leadership of our party to urgently and decisively address the issues that have forced some members of our party in Kwara to contemplate leaving the party,”