Gunmen suspected to be Fulani militia, on Wednesday, attacked Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) who were trying to rebuild their homes at Rantis, in Gashish District of Barkin Ladi LGA of Plateau State, killing two and leaving three others with gunshot wounds. Confirming the incident, National Publicity Secretary, Berom Youth Moulders’ Association, Rwang Tengwong said, “On Wednesday, 6th April, 2022, gunmen suspected to be Fulani militia attacked Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, at Rantis where they are rebuilding their homes, killing two persons. “The gunmen numbering six came on three motorcycles and shot sporadically at the IDPs at about 3:40pm when the IDPs had completed work for the day and were about to leave the site. “As a result of the incident, two persons, Dalyop Boyi and Gyang Jugu were killed, while three persons, Pastor Samson Boyi, Dahwol Jam and Pam Boyi sustained gunshot injuries.” He added that, “A Volkswagon Vento belonging to one of the deceased, Dalyop Boyi was also burnt down by the attackers.” DAILYPOST recalls that IDPs were victims of an attack in June, 2018 where over 200 people were killed, property worth millions of naira destroyed and thousands displaced, when some communities in Barkin Ladi and Riyom Local Government Areas of the State were attacked. Also, after the incident, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo had visited the State to commensurate with the State Government and the survivors of the attacks and assured community leaders that the sum of N10 billion would be released by the Federal Government through the State Government in order to bring relief and succour to the people. He also promised that a permanent Mobile Police Squadron will be stationed in Gashish to improve the general security of the area. However, since the incident happened, the living conditions of the IDPs has continued to worsen and they are yet to receive or experience any of the Federal Government’s promises through any agency of the State. The Publicity Secretary, however, said, “their desire to return home made them embark on the rebuilding of their communities through self-help. “This act is not only condemnable, but the highest sense of man’s inhumanity to his fellow man. “We have always had assurance from the government that peace has returned to the State, but what we see everyday leaves us with questions on whether the Government is in touch with the plight of our people.” “For how long shall we continue to bury our own and helplessly watch our oppressors occupy our own land without any form of justice from the people who are supposed to protect us? “Tengwong asked. “Is the Anti-Land grabbing Law in Plateau State only on paper or is it meant to ensure justice for our people? “It is sad that whenever our communities are attacked, the perpetrators are regarded as unknown gunmen, yet, after these attacks, strangers settle in our land with no authority challenging that. “This leaves us with the question of the place of justice in the search for peace. “Government must be sincere by addressing issues without discrimination, as we continue to search for peace”, he admonished. DAILYPOST also recalls that ten people were killed last Saturday during the annual ritual festival ‘Zerreci’, the festival that ushers the people into the farming season, in Irigwe chiefdom of Bassa LGA of the State. Also, nineteen people sustained gunshot wounds when the yet to be identified gunmen launched the attack.