President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, urged all political parties in the country to keep elections and election-related differences aside and join his administration’s drive to defeat insecurity in the country. Speaking at an Iftar dinner with members of the business community and the leadership of political parties in Abuja, the President described insecurity as a ‘‘common enemy’’ bedeviling the country. DAILY POST had reported that Buhari will on Tuesday evening host the leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for an Iftar dinner at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. “Without mass, popular support to our hard-working Armed Forces, it will take us much longer to finish off the successful war we are waging against terrorism, banditry and kidnapping. Our country must be kept safe for progress and prosperity to be entrenched. ‘‘I look forward to seeing the reflection of this spirit in the relationship between the parties and the government, especially as the electioneering season will soon be upon us,’’ Buhari said. The President recounted that last week, the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) had a tremendous success at its meeting, ending with a clear message that the party will continue to push for the creation of democratic principles at all levels. He added, ‘‘Today, we can proudly say that we have a political system that allows political parties of all views and persuasions, reflecting the diversity of our nation to co-exist, and contest for elections at all levels of government without fear or institutional bias and pressure’’. On ease of doing business in Nigeria, Buhari told captains of industry and political leaders at the dinner that his administration had done exceedingly well in improving the business climate, urging the private sector to complement the government’s effort in poverty reduction and job creation for the young people. He said, ‘‘No administration has done as much as we have done in the creation of a climate best suited for business, big and small, to thrive. ‘‘The ease of doing business index that is globally recognized has acknowledged that the ease with which business is carried out in the country has never been better than it’s today. We will continue to make it better. ‘‘We’ll equally continue to count on the support of the private sector to improve economic growth and create new job opportunities for our teeming population. ‘‘Employment is critical to the stability and prosperity of our country. Government and the private sector, working together, have an opportunity to transform the lives of people in ways that was hard to imagine in the past.’’ Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, the National Chairman of APC urged leaders of political parties to make firm commitments towards peaceful and successful 2023 general elections. Adamu said as leaders, leadership demands that they take responsibility in ensuring peace and stability and inspiring the party faithful and Nigerians to conform to the laws of land in matters relating to electioneering and the elections. Speaking on behalf of leaders of other political parties, the Chairman of Action Democratic Party (ADP) and Coordinator Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC), Engr. Yusuf Yabagi, who described the President as a true democrat, said the Iftar event and the invitation by the President has introduced ‘‘credibility, respect and admiration in the polity’’. He said, ‘‘The fact that political leaders of various political parties are sitting with you today speaks volumes that you are truly a democrat and believe in the project of growing democracy in this country.”