Senator representing Bauchi Central senatorial district, Abdul Ningi, has dispelled the rumoured rift between him and Bauchi State Governor, Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed. Ningi, a chieftain of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state while addressing stakeholders from the central senatorial zone of the state at a meeting said, Bala Mohammed has always supported him politically and that he respects the governor. He said there was never a time he fell out with Governor Mohammed, contrary to insinuations to that effect, adding that the bond between the governor and himself was so strong that it could not be easily broken. “Though there is no rift between the two of us, there are a few of the so-called ‘Governors boys’ who are looking for all means to create a scenario of discord between us. They want to achieve their sinister goals. “In politics, that is a normal thing but we will not allow them to get in between us. We must continue to be united so that we can move the state forward collectively better than the way we met in 2019,” Ningi said. In his words, “it may interest you to know that the governor has always nominated me for great assignments of ensuring that the PDP remains the best and strongest party not only in Bauchi State, North-East but in Nigeria. “He nominated me to replace Suleiman Nazif Gamawa as the National Deputy Chairman of the PDP. I did my best to ensure that the national convention was successful, Iyorchia Ayu was elected as the National Chairman and my assignment ended with that.” While further buttressing his point of no rift between them, Ningi said the governor and himself served as members of PDP BoT for four years, adding that on the expiration of their tenure, the governor had instructed the state leadership of the party to resubmit his (Ningi’s) name for another four years as BoT member. According to him, “the governor and I served as members of the Board of Trustees (BoT) of the PDP. Our four years tenure has expired but the governor has again directed the state leadership of the PDP to resubmit our names for another four years term. This is to tell you that there is no rift whatsoever between us. “Any time the governor is going to meet former Vice-President, Atiku Abubakar, we normally go together. I will then leave them to discuss their issues. I have never been a party to their discussions. That is what we call trust and understanding. He then asserted that politics is about teamwork and unity, assuring that he will continue to support Governor Mohammed and his administration to ensure that the PDP delivesr on its mandate of developing the state. Ningi, however, appealed to PDP leaders in Bauchi State to be team players, adding that they should set aside sentiments to ensure that the party retain power in the 2023 general elections. “We should do away with religious sentiments, sectional differences and sectional bigotry. We are all one, Muslims and Christians, our focus is the PDP,” he declared