A Federal High Court in Abuja has barred the Inspector General of Police IGP and the Commissioner of Police, Delta State from arresting, detaining or prosecuting a Delta State-based preacher, Johnmark Ighosotu over allegations levelled against him by another pastor The court ordered the police chiefs and the complainant in the petition, Prophet Jeremiah Omoto Fufeyin not to take any action against Ighosotu since the parties have submitted to the jurisdiction of the court. The order issued by Justice Inyang Eden Ekwo followed a fundamental right enforcement suit filed before the court by Ighosotu through his counsel, Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN. Justice Inyang Ekwo in the case with No. FHC/ABJ/CS/280/2022 specifically restrained parties “from taking any step that will negatively affect the res (main matter) of the case.” Prophet Jeremiah Omoto Fufeyin who is the founder of Christ MercyLand Deliverance Ministries situated in Warri, Delta State, had written a petition against Pastor Johnmark Ighosotu the, Senior Minister of Gospel of God’s Assembly alleging character defamation, cyber conspiracies and sundry criminal activities. His complaint which allegedly led to invasions of Pastor Ighosotu’s ministry by over fifty fully armed Policemen at the instance of Prophet Fufeyin made Pastor Ighosotu write his own petition to the Inspector General of Police (IGP) through the law firm of Mike Ozekhome’s Chambers. He copied the Deputy Inspector General (DIG), Force Criminal Investigation Department (FCID), the Commissioner of Police (CP), Delta State, Asaba and the Attorney-General of Delta State, amongst others. Pastor Ighosotu also voluntarily reported in Abuja and made his statement at the DIG – FCID, office. In his own petition, Pastor Johnmark complained of incessant and series of harassment, humiliation, intimidation of his life, property and those of his family and church members and invasion of his church at the instance of Prophet Fufeyin. He also complained that the confessions made in his church at a deliverance session by one Bishop Ufuoma which led to Prophet Fufeyin’s false allegations against him were voluntary and not directed at Prophet Jeremiah in person or his church and wondered why he should be hunted down for it. He followed up with a suit at the Federal High Court, Abuja, through his counsel, Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN to enforce his fundamental rights. When the matter came up before Justice Ekwo, Prophet Jeremiah was represented by one Comfort Iwu while Pastor Ighosotu was represented by Benson Igbanoi who held the brief of Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN. Igbanoi asked the court to make an order for parties to maintain status quo ante bellum to halt the continuous arrest threats, intimidations, harassment and humiliation since the applicant had filed a suit for the enforcement of his fundamental rights. In granting the order for maintenance of status quo, Justice Ekwo emphasized that since parties have submitted to court jurisdiction, none of the parties should carry out any activity or take any steps that will jeopardize the hearing of the merit of the case during its pendency. The Judge subsequently fixed May 31, 2022, for hearing of the substantive matter.