The All Progressives Congress Zonal Youth Leader (North-West), Abdulhamid Umar Mohamed, has urged the National leadership of the party to reduce the Intent Forms Fees by 50 percent, to allow youths chances of full participation in politics. The youths on Thursday asked the National Chairman of the party, Abdullahi Adamu to quickly grant 50% discount on intent forms for youths seeking to contest elective positions under the platform of the party if the APC genuinely wants youths’ active participation. Muhammad who made the call in a statement said such a gesture would encourage youth participation in governance and make them abundantly present in active partisan politics. He stressed that “Youth across the length and breadth of the country who form more than 50% of the voting population, membership of our party and the general population are facing the threat of exclusion from the governance process due to non-availability of finances”. ”I canvas a special discount of at least 50% for all youth seeking to contest elective positions under the platform of our great party”, adding that “a number of other political parties are already doing this for their young members. ” Mr. Mohammed noted that the youth represent “the most active, the most volatile, and yet the most vulnerable segment of the nation’s population”, and suggested the need for support to enable them realize their full potential. He said the support would give the youth wing of the party a great sense of belonging, adding that it would further entrench the reputation of APC as the most youth-friendly party in Nigeria. Muhammad added that “Young people as defined by the national youth policy are characterized by energy, enthusiasm, ambition, creativity, and promise; they are also faced with high levels of socio-economic uncertainty and volatility thereby becoming the most vulnerable segment of the population. ” Umar Mohammed stated that as the nation marches steadily towards 2023 general elections, “it is expedient on us to kindly bring to your attention our Chairman Sir, on the major concern of the generality of the youth wing of our great party.”