The Oyo State chapter of Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) has alleged that some workers in the employment of Oyo State government have not received their March salaries. SPN said that the delay in the payment of the March salaries is a violation of a promise made to the workers by Governor Seyi Makinde. The party made these disclosures on Thursday. Our correspondent gathered that workers in the employment of Oyo State Government have been receiving their salaries on or before 25th of every month since the inception of Seyi Makinde administration in 2019. It was, however, gathered that the March salaries of some workers in the state have not been paid. DAILY POST gathered that as of April 6, some employees in the service of the state government have not received their March salaries. SPN in its reaction, described the development as violation of the promise made to the workers by Makinde. The party in a statement signed by its Secretary, Comrade Ayodeji Adigun, called on leadership of Nigeria Labour Congress and Trade Union Congress (TUC) to demand the immediate payment of the salaries of those who are yet to receive their pay. Adigun in the statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Thursday, also advised the labour unions to take this issue seriously. He said that this is necessary in order to show the determination of workers to reject and resist any form of attack on workers’ welfare and public education as well as other social services. “The attention of the Socialist Party of Nigeria, SPN has been drawn to the news that Oyo State has now returned to the era of delay in the payment of workers salaries and reduction in the subventions for State owned Tertiary Institutions. “As at 6th April, 2022, the March Salaries for all categories of Oyo State workers was yet to be paid. This is a violation of the promise by the Engr. Seyi Makinde-led government that salaries of workers in the State will always be paid on or before 25th of every month. “SPN condemns this shirking in the obligation by the PDP led Oyo state government and demands the immediate payment of March Salaries for all categories of workers in the State as well as the payment of 100% Subventions for all the tertiary Institutions in Oyo State. “As far as we are concerned in SPN, the government, which has repeatedly announced a significant growth in its Internally Generated Revenue, IGR , and an increase in the budgetary allocation to education has no justification for either reneging on its promise to pay salaries on every 25th of the month or reducing the subventions given to tertiary Institutions in the state. “In light of this, we call on the state leaderships of both the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, and the Trade Union Congress, TUC, to openly demand the immediate payment of March salary and 100% subvention for state owned tertiary institutions. “We urge Labour to take this issue seriously in order to show the determination of workers to reject and resist any form of attack on workers’ welfare and public education as well as other social services”. But, Chief Press Secretary to the state governor, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, when contacted, said that all employees on the payroll of the state government have collected their March salaries. Adisa, who spoke with DAILY POST on Thursday, explained that all the workers have received their March salaries except those who may have issues with their bank accounts. He urged SPN to play politics of facts. “They should issue statements based on investigated facts. They don’t have the facts. They don’t have the evidence. “Are they the workers? Are they NLC. Are they TUC? Is NLC or TUC non-existing in the state? When did they become workers? They are a political party. So, they should get their facts correct. “All the workers have been paid as of 25th of March, except those who have problems with their accounts.”