The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor of Abia State, Onyebuchi Ememanka, has rubbished rumours of an alleged plan by Governor Okezie Ikpeazu to impeach his deputy, Ude Oko Chukwu over his ambition to become governor of the State ahead of the 2023 general election in Nigeria. This comes against widespread rumours wherein, the Abia governor was accused of orchestrating the ongoing move to remove Oko Chukwu, for allegedly thwarting his choice of a successor from Umunneato Ngwa extraction in Abia central senatorial district of the state, on grounds of the latter’s entry into the 2023 gubernatorial race. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, Ememanka dismissed the rumours as nothing further from the truth and insisted that the governor has no such plans and has never discussed any such issue with anyone to impeach his deputy. He noted that Ikpeazu’s credentials as an apostle of peace and stability are beyond disputation and also maintained that Ikpeazu holds the distinction of being the only governor in the history of Abia State who has spent almost seven years in office with the same deputy governor. According to him, “Governor Ikpeazu intends to keep that credential intact. The records of the fate of past deputy governors in the state are in the public domain. “While the natural expectation of Governor Ikpeazu at this time was that his Deputy would have stood by him in steadying the ship of Abia as the citizens head towards a political transition period, instead of being distracted by his personal political ambitions, the governor as a true democrat, believes that such ambition is not enough to warrant any plans to impeach Oko Chukwu”. The Abia governor’s spokesman also said, “that is why the Deputy Governor continues to be actively involved in the business of governance. He remains the chairman of the State Committee on Internally Generated Revenue, in addition to managing several other areas of government business. Ememanka further said the governor’s disposition towards his Deputy has reflected in the great relationship he shares with the people of Nkporo community in Ohafia local government area, (country home of the state deputy governor), pointing out that the relationship has manifested in the construction of the all-important but long-abandoned Abiriba-Nkporo road, the new cottage hospital at Nkporo and some other projects that have transformed the Infrastructural landscape of the community as well as the welfares of the people. He reminded the rumour mongers that the issue that occupies the governor’s mind currently is to continue to deliver the dividends of democracy to the people of Abia state, tie up ongoing projects and guide the people to a smooth transition in 2023.