The Benue State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has berated the All Progressives Congress (APC) for falsely accusing the state Governor, Samuel Ortom of setting up a security outfit called “Hunters and Forests Security Guards”, to harass and intimidate citizens ahead of the 2023 elections. The PDP, in a statement by its State Publicity Secretary, Bemgba Iortyom, on Thursday, 28th April 2022, categorically stated that the existence of the “illegal” outfit came to the attention of Governor Ortom only recently after a video recording of the group forcefully shaving the hair off the head of a young lady on the streets of Makurdi, the state capital, surfaced. The party said, contrary to the false accusations by the opposition, Governor Ortom reacted swiftly to distress calls by citizens and ordered the arrest of leaders of the outfit. The PDP, while describing the accusations as “negative politics at its worst”, advised the APC to retreat its path of “dirty politics”, adding that it leads to nowhere near the popular mandate of the people. The statement reads inter alia: “According to Benue APC in a statement from the office of its Publicity Secretary, the group was formed by the Benue State Government to harass and intimidate citizens ahead of the 2023 elections. “This unfortunately has been the trend of conduct favoured by the opposition party which views politics as a war in which all is fair including the most bizarre fabrications of falsehood and mischief-making. “In its trademark desperation, APC in Benue has increasingly adopted falsification of facts and even outright concoction of tales in a bid to tar PDP and its leaders as they strive to capture power in the state. “However, Benue PDP urges the opposition to come away from the path of dirty politics it is threading as it leads to nowhere near the popular mandate of the people. “PDP calls on APC to join it in the public arena where issues-based and development-driven political play is the order, where the people alone may reward a deserving party with the popular mandate of power, as they have done to our great party since 1999. “Lies, mischief and whatever forms of negative politics will not earn APC victory over PDP come 2023, rather only a visible ability to successfully conduct transparent internal processes of the nomination of candidates and convincing articulation of issues before the people may earn their trust and mandate. “2023 in Benue State will not be about lies and mischief making but surely it will be about the security of lives and properties of the people, their wellbeing and guarantees to their hopes for tomorrow and their children after them.”