Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, Musa Muhammad Bello on Friday felicitated with Christian residents in the FCT over the Easter celebration. The Minister enjoined Christians to use the occasion to reflect on the teachings and lifestyle of Jesus Christ and pray for peace and tranquillity in the nation. He said, “On behalf of the Federal Capital Territory Administration, I bring warm felicitations to all residents of the Federal Capital Territory, especially the Christian faithful, on the celebration of Easter. “I urge you to use this joyous occasion not only to reflect on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ as a pathway to peaceful co-existence of all but also use the opportunity it presents to re-dedicate ourselves to the love and service of our dear country, Nigeria. “I especially wish to thank residents for their cooperation and support for the FCT Administration in our efforts at building a befitting capital territory worthy of our great country. “I ask you to continue to imbibe the spirit of peaceful co-existence, unity and love for one another which are the ideals and principles on which the FCT is founded. “The commendable acts of residents often rallying around each other in challenging moments, irrespective of religious or ethnic differences is an indication that the dreams of our founding fathers in creating the FCT as the centre of unity have taken deep roots and is flourishing. “I call on you, therefore, to continue to believe in and actively promote this culture of peace and unity and equally impart the same to the young generation of residents, many of whom really know no home other than the FCT. “We should resist all attempts by those who do not share these noble ideals to cause disharmony in our ranks especially as political activities take centre stage across the country. “I wish to assure you all that security agencies have put measures in place to ensure the peaceful celebration of Easter and also call on residents to be security conscious and follow all guidelines issued by the relevant security authorities regarding the Easter celebrations. “Always cooperate with the security agencies for the protection of lives and properties in your communities. Any suspicious behaviour or individuals should immediately be brought to the attention of law enforcement agencies. “The FCT Administration on its part will continue to dedicate itself to the implementation of projects that will have the greatest impact on the majority of residents, especially in the provision of social service infrastructure. “It is important to also remind residents that COVID -19 has not been eradicated and I hereby call on you to celebrate Easter in conformity with all extant guidelines. “I urge you to continue to pray for the overall development of our country and her leaders.”