Nollywood actress, Rita Dominic on Tuesday tied the knot with her husband, Fidelis Anosike in Imo State. Recall that Rita Dominic had revealed the identity of her partner in December 2020 as they celebrated Christmas. Nollywood stars; Ini Edo, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Uche Jombo, Chioma Akpotha, Hilda Dokubo, Joke Silva and others stormed Owerri, Imo State for the wedding. The venue of the traditional wedding was surrounded by security operatives, including the army, police and local vigilante groups. The video of her dancing at the ceremony has stirred reactions from fans online. Meanwhile, Chioma Akpotha and Hilda Dokubo have announced a total shutdown in Owerri as they celebrate Rita Dominic.  Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Delighted “Congratulations Rita Dominic, So happy for you God’s time is truly the best.” @FortheVoiceless “It is not too late to find love. Rita Dominic finally met her own husband, May God bless and protect their marriage from social media ears.” @Omotola_t “If selfless, calm and reserved was a person, it would be Rita Dominic. I love that she’s able to witness this beautiful moment. She deserves all the love and happiness in the world. Congratulations Ageless beauty.” @Godseyexxx “Rita Dominic deserves this happiness and I’m very happy for her. Really shows that it is not about how long you wait but about how well. God perfects His doing in His own time. May all of us trusting God for genuine partners be blessed like her. Amen.” @AdoraBlemd “Rita Dominic looking all stunning like a typical beautiful Igbo bride. I wish her a blissful conjugal.” @RitaSunshine “So Rita Dominic is getting married to d love of her life and some of ya’all feminists will still come this Twitter to call men scum eh? I salute her hubby, he’s brave and I advise him to be the man, never let any woman intimidate you with status even in marriage.” @AjayiOluwatoyin “He who found Rita Dominic, has indeed found a good thing. Congrats Fidelis.” @Kafwini “Been a fan of Rita Dominic since way back, so happy for her.”