As the preparation for the 2023 general election is gathering momentum, the Ogun State governor, Dapo Abiodun, has urged members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state to play politics with decorum and not to see the forthcoming general elections as a matter of do-or-die. The governor who stated this on Wednesday while addressing the party faithful at a Ramadan Iftar organized for members from the three senatorial districts, held at the Presidential Lodge, Abeokuta, declared the party would follow its constitution to the letter without prejudice in selecting people that will represent the state at all levels during the election. This, he noted is to sustain the party’s stronghold all the 20 local government areas and 236 wards.. The governor noted that his administration since inception has done a lot through the implementation of workable policies and programmes in ensuring that the APC waxes stronger daily. He further noted that the party had since become a beautiful bride as people from other political parties have joined the it in order to be part of the success story. “God has continued to help us in running this administration. We have put structure in place and remained focus in delivering dividends of democracy to our people. We have demonstrated what it takes to understand democracy and we are doing everything to entrench it in our state”, he pointed out. He reclalled that the recent local government election was a manifestation of the overwhelming acceptability of the party by the people of the state which led to the party winning all the 20 local government in the State. While congratulating APC members for their steadfastness and commitment during the just concluded National Congress of the party in Abuja, Abiodun promised that the party state executive committee led by Yemi Sanusi and other leaders across the state would do everything possible in making the state primary elections crisis-free. While charging the party faithful to imbibe the spirit of love and forgiveness in line with the spirit of Ramadan, the governor further urged them to continue to support the government in its determination to reposition the state. The former Governor of the state, Aremo Olusegun Osoba in his remarks, admonished the party members to avoid using foul languages during the campaign, expressing confidence that the party would emerge victorious in the country in 2023. He applauded Governor Dapo Abiodun for his sterling leadership that has helped the party to expand, stressing that the cohesiveness and cooperation exhibited by the party members during its national convention in Abuja is commendable. Also speaking, the State Chairman of the party, Yemi Sanusi, noted that the victory of the party in the state during the last general election in 2019 was as a result of the determination and cooperation displayed by the party members. He urged them not to relent but continue with such collaborative spirit as the party leaders would not disappoint them during the forthcoming election.