A stalwart of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State, Abayomi Nurain Mumuni has enjoined supporters of both the national leader of the party, Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo not to inherit enemies because of the duo. Mumuni also advised supporters of the two politicians to desist from name-calling and inciting comments in the interest of the party. Recall that Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State had a few weeks ago declared his intention to contest the 2023 Presidential election on the platform of APC. Osinbajo, who had worked as a Commissioner under Tinubu has also declared his intention to run for the same post under APC. DAILY POST gathered that supporters of the two political gladiators had been going on to project the image of their principals with various forms of comments, skimming, permutations, campaigns of calumny, and arguments in and out of the social media. Mumuni has, however, cautioned supporters of the two politicians not to inherit enemies because of their principals. He noted that this is necessary to avoid crises within the party. He added that he decided to warn the supporters of the two politicians because, both groups have been locked in a hot altercation, especially on social media, creating fear and tension. Mumuni also charged Tinubu and Osinbajo supporters to save their energy for the main election, saying whoever emerges as the flag bearer of the party should be supported by all. Mumuni, in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, insisted that Osinbajo has the constitutional right to contest the presidency. He said, “Don’t inherit enemies because of Tinubu, Osinbajo’s aspirations. The concern for many of us is just that everyone should be given a level playing field to test their popularity in the primary election. “The relationship between Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo is one that dates back for long. There is no doubt that Asiwaju is a mentor to the Vice President. So, they are one big family. “The attainment of Prof. Osinbajo is with the knowledge and support of Asiwaju Tinubu. Power, as they say, intoxicates. Since the VP has tasted power, he may be finding it difficult to leave. Though no one knows if he has had any agreement with his mentor, what is clear is that it is within his democratic rights to express his intention to contest as a stakeholder of the party. “Therefore, I urge supporters of both leaders to give peace a chance and ensure that whatever contribution they are making is not toxic and inciting. “These toxic and unhealthy commentaries are only doing a great disservice to both personalities. As progressives, our campaigns should be issue-based, factual, and devoid of insults and calumny. If Prof. Osinbajo has no ambition, he would have supported the aspiration of Asiwaju because they are one”.