Eldest son of former Bauchi Governor, Ahmadu Adamu Mu’azu, has indicated interest to contest the 2023 governorship election under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The aspirant, Ahmed Ahmadu Mu’azu, has already purchased PDP nomination form and he has established his campaign structure. Director-General of Ahmed Mu’azu junior campaign Organisation, Dr Kabiru Garba Ilelah said his desire to be in the contest is to create employment opportunities and to accord priority to health care, education, agriculture , security, rural transformation and industrialisation in the State. He further said that, “Young Muazu is not contesting against the incumbent State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, but he is contesting because the Governor is now contesting for the Presidential seat.” He said, “we saw Governor Bala had already purchased the PDP nomination form to contest for the President of Nigeria 2023. “Young Mu’azu has a lot of respect for the incumbent Bauchi State Governor, whom He considers as his leader, elder statesman and a father.” He said it was time for a generational shift in the leadership of the State where youths should brace up and take up leadership positions and demonstrate their capacity in governance. “The gubernatorial aspirant Ahmed Ahmadu Mu’azu always appreciates the effort and giant strides made former governors of the State, and the gigantic effort the present Governor is doing to uplift the State through roads constructions and rural transformation, while young Mu’azu will come with the agenda to create employment, settle gratuities and industrialise the state. “The agenda of Ahmed Ahmadu Muazu is to consolidate. Let us consolidate on people, policy and infrastructure with a view to getting Bauchi State working. “We need to look at all of these and build the confidence of our investors to grow the State,” he added. Dr Ilelah advised the PDP to give a level playing ground to all aspirants during the primary election. “The field should be open for all aspirants to show their competence and capacity by convincing the people on what they have to offer to them,” he advised.