The embattled Chairman of Langtang North Local Government Area of Plateau State, Hon. Joshua Laven has blamed Governor Simon Lalong over the recent killings in Kanam LGA of the State. He said if the State government had responded swiftly to intelligence reports, the carnage that took place in the a
Council would have been averted. He also alleged that the Governor failed to make judicious use of local intelligence reports at his disposal. DAILY POST recalls that a few weeks ago, over 100 people were killed and thousands displaced by bandits when they invaded 8 communities and unleashed mayhem in the Council. Laven disclosed this in an interview with journalists on his arrival from Abuja at the Yakubu Gowon Airport Heipang, Barkin Ladi LGA of the State. He added that there are always local intelligence reports from the security agencies, vigilante groups, members of community policing and the community leaders prior to most of the deadly attacks that claimed innocent lives in the State. He said, “The responsibility of every government is to protect lives and properties. “In August last year, I raised alarm over terrorists camping somewhere in Wase LGA, which is a neighbour to Langtang North LGA; four months later, the Emir of Wase His Royal Highness Muhammad Haruna later confirmed that 50 percent of Wase LGA has been taken over by terrorists.” He maintained that the State government was not proactive in handling security issues, adding that instead of calling him to ask where he got the information, they debunked his claims. “The State government cares only when it has happened, the government is supposed to be proactive to prevent attacks on innocent people. “In my own case, when I discovered that the terrorists have invaded our land, I worked in collaboration with the local security and they confirmed it. “There are always security reports about the activities of terrorists in the State. For Yelwa Zangam where 29 persons were killed, there was security intelligence reports for more than three days, but no action was taken to avert the looming danger. “There was also intelligence reports about the attack in Mangu and the next is Langtang North. “So, I called all the traditional rulers, security heads in Langtang North and the local hunters to a security meeting where we mapped out strategies and alerted our people and that was what prevented what would have been a bloodbath in Taroh land in August, 2021,” he said. He added that, “four months after Wase was hit, it is now the turn of Kanam LGA where over 100 people were killed. This is because we don’t take local intelligence reports serious, we need to rise and protect our people.” Laven also said by law he remained the authentic Chairman of Langtang North LGC, who was duly elected by the people as confirmed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Responding to a video in circulation in which he was accused of inciting a particular ethnic group against another, Laven said it was because of his love for peace that he recovered over 1000 firearms in Langtang North LGA and handed them over to Governor Lalong. According to him, “If I can recover over 1000 weapons and the Governor and the military came here and received them, it shows my love for peace. “Now, they are heightening tension in my community because that video was translated by mischief-makers”, he stressed.