The Leader of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, has advocated for an Igbo presidency ahead of the 2023 presidential election. In a statement signed by his Media Aide, Osho Oluwatosin, Sunday morning, Primate Ayodele asked that the next president of Nigeria should come from Igbo land for peace to reign in the country. He said if Igbo leaders allow the presidency to elude them now, “they will not see it till the kingdom comes.” The man of God warned them against betraying each other while calling on the South and North to step down for the Igbos in both political parties but relayed that he isn’t sure anyone is ready to claim the position among the Igbos. “Sincerely, without mincing words, the next president should come from Igbo; it’s just unfortunate that they are not that serious with their intentions because there is a political force struggling with it which they need to claim otherwise if it eludes them now, Igbo will never see presidency till kingdom comes. “Igbo]= must wake up now; otherwise, they will betray themselves from producing the next president of Nigeria. The South and North should step down for Igbo, let them be used as consensus candidates. This can happen if the Igbo know what they want but do they really know what they want? Are they ready for it? I don’t think so. “Either they will perform or not, without any misconception, it is Igbo’s turn, but if they fail it, their present leaders will be cursed by their great-grandchildren.” Primate Ayodele warned Igbo politicians not to allow cabals to choose Nigeria’s next president by uniting beyond party differences so they can produce a presidential candidate. “Don’t allow the cabals to choose for Nigeria; let them resist the cabal; Igbo should be the next president. It has gone round, their clamour must be taken seriously, and they must unite now to produce the next president; otherwise, their great-grandchildren will curse them. “If Nigeria wants peace, that’s how it’s supposed to be. Igbo deserve to produce the next president of Nigeria, but who is ready among them? If we want Nigeria to move forward, let us arrange it properly, they deserve the presidency.”