Ekiti State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps has deployed 1000 officers and 100 tactical female squads to the 16 local governments and 17 LCDAs in the state, in a bid to ensure adequate security of lives and property before, during and after Easter celebrations. This is contained in a statement by the Command’s Spokesperson, DSC Afolabi Tolulope. While briefing officers and men at the Command Headquarters in Ado Ekiti, the State Commandant, John Olatunde Fayemi charged the personnel to discharge their duties with the utmost diligence, alertness, and professionalism. He said taxpayers and the general public are expecting security protections from the Corps by Safeguarding all Critical National Assets and Infrastructure both federal, state and local, disaster management which includes early warning signals to the general public against impending disaster, humanitarian services and rescuing of victims during emergencies, Intelligence gathering, Training, Supervision, Issuing of licences and monitoring of Private Guard Companies; protection of lives and property amongst others. He charged the officers and female tactical squad to be more proactive, determined and committed to the Corps core mandates and to eschew any behaviour that is unbecoming of trained personnel. Mr. Fayemi appreciated traditional rulers and religious leaders in the state for the existing synergy with the Command as he commended the effort of some communities in the state aimed at supporting the command’s quest for the reduction of disaster response time by providing mobility support for some local governments divisional offices in the state. The State Commandant further explained that the Easter celebration deployment cuts across the 16 Local Governments and 17 LCDAs of the State having identified various black spots and disaster-prone areas. He said the personnel were drawn from the Command’s Antivandal Squad, Counter Terrorism Unit (CTU), Chemical Biological Radiological and Nuclear Explosive Unit (CBRNE), Intelligence Team and the Female Tactical Squad. He restated that they have been properly briefed to provide security coverage at strategic locations such as recreational centres, churches, mosques, motor parks and public gatherings. While wishing the good people of Ekiti State happy Easter celebrations; Commandant Fayemi gave an assurance of a peaceful festive period as he solicited the public to provide the Command with sustained intelligence and information that would enhance the arrest of criminal-minded persons before, during and after the Easter celebration.