Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, has described the death of the Alaafin, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III, as a personal loss. DAILY POST reports that the monarch died at the Afe Babalola University Teaching Hospital at the age of 83 on Friday. The Osun governor, who also stated that the death of the Oyo monarch came to him as a shock, added that with his passing, the end of an era had come. Oyetola in a condolence message made available by Ismail Omipidan, his Chief Press Secretary, stated that the departed monarch was a strong believer in progressive ideals. The governor also added that he remained true to his convictions over the years until he breathed his last. According to the statement, “Oba Adeyemi was a good friend of Osun who was always ready to identify with our government and celebrate our humble accomplishments and achievements. “The late monarch was a strong believer in progressive ideals, and that he remained true to his convictions over the years until he breathed his last.” He explained that Oba Adeyemi popularly referred to as Iku Baba Yeye was a humble amiable monarch despite his revered position disclosed that the Yoruba race has lost a quintessential intellectual whose knowledge of and commitment to the cause of Yoruba race was unrivalled. “I received with sadness news of the transition of Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III. This is a huge loss to the entire Yoruba race and the country as a whole. “On behalf of the government and the good people of Osun, I commiserate with Governor Seyi Makinde, the royal family, subjects, friends and associates of the late traditional ruler. “Oba Adeyemi was a visionary and an exemplary leader whose 52-year reign brought tremendous attention, peace, stability and unprecedented development to the ancient Oyo town and its people. Baba was a strong believer in progressive ideals, and he remained true to his convictions over the years until he breathed his last. “He will be long remembered for his impacts, achievements, outstanding legacies and remarkable service as a custodian of the rich Yoruba cultural heritage and traditions.” The Osun governor, while condoling with his immediate family, the government and people of Oyo State prayed God to grant them the fortitude to bear the loss. Until his death, he was the longest reigning Oyo monarch having reigned over the kingdom for 52 years.