Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State, on Wednesday, accepted the resignation of his Deputy, Alhaji Manir Dan’iya, Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Malam Saidu Umar, and 11 other key political office holders in the State. This was made known in a statement issued by the Special Adviser to the Governor on Media and Publicity, Muhammad Bello, on Wednesday. 2. One of the pregnant women abducted from a train in Kaduna on March 28, 2022, has given birth in captivity. A family member of the victim disclosed this in an interview on Wednesday. 3. Stephanie Se-Ember Terungwa, a member of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), has been abducted alongside her one-year-old son. According to the missing corps member’s uncle, Richard Iorliam, she was last seen at Lokogoma area of Abuja on April 14, 2022. 4. The Zamfara State government has dethroned two emirs and a district head over allegations of aiding the activities of bandits terrorising communities in the State. The affected monarchs are the Emir of Zurmi, Abubakar Atiku, and Emir of Dansadau, Hussaini Umar. 5. Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has said he is not afraid of former President Goodluck Jonathan or any presidential aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Jonathan has the backing of two governors and many other stakeholders of the APC to defect to the ruling party and pick the party’s presidential ticket for the 2023 poll, according to sources. 6. The Senate has passed a bill seeking to amend the Terrorism (Prevention) Act, 2013, and to prohibit the payment of ransom to kidnappers. The bill was passed following the consideration of a report by the Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters, chaired by Opeyemi Bamidele (APC, Ekiti). 7. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has written to the Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu, requesting that officials of the agency be given access to conduct drug integrity tests for politicians seeking political offices in the country. 8. A wire fraud (locally known as Yahoo Yahoo) suspect, Adedunmola Gbadegesin, has been extradited by the Federal Government of Nigeria, to the United States, where he is wanted in a case of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and money laundering. 9. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has called on the Federal Government to address issues that necessitated the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) and other unions in tertiary institutions. President of NLC, Ayuba Wabba, made the call when he addressed newsmen shortly before going into a closed-door meeting of the Congress’s Central Working Committee (CWC) on Wednesday in Abuja. 10. Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike of Rivers State, yesterday, declared a member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Farah Dagogo, wanted for allegedly hiring suspected cultists to attack the State secretariat of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Port Harcourt.