Some Nigerians on Saturday lamented that the country may never overcome its challenges and get better. The comment followed the presidential declaration of Rotimi Amaechi, the Minister of Transportation. Amaechi had declared his interest to run for the presidency in 2023 on Sunday. The minister made the announcement at a Thanksgiving service organized by the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Rivers state. The latest declaration comes after several pressure groups and organisations had called on to join the race. “Fellow Nigerians I stand here to submit my application to serve as Nigeria’s next president,” Amaechi said. Reacting to the development, Nigerians expressed mixed reactions over his declaration. While some Nigerians feel the minister’s declaration was a good move, others are of the opinion Nigeria would continue to experience bad and corrupt leadership. @odenyby_: “Amaechi’s declaration has shown that Nigeria will continue to have corrupt people occupying leadership positions, we are finished in this country.” @adenreletund: “Amaechi reminded us in that voice note that Nigeria can never be good. Even though he denied it, we know what he sounds like. Curious to see the lies he’s going to tell Nigerians during his campaign fraudulent party.” @DeeOneAyekooto: “I’m surprised that Amaechi declared before Osinbajo. Well, Prof is taking his time to ensure that nothing goes wrong.” @firstladyship: “Like GEJ, Port Harcourt son – Amaechi, neglected my people. No rail line, Port Harcourt is still the old colonial rail. Calabar, Warri & Onne seaports is an eyesore. Onitsha seaport was dredged only on paper. Maradi will have a rail but scorn is what you have for the Niger Delta?” @Mr_kunlecole: “If I had the conviction that Amaechi can win rivers state and south south I am going to be his biggest fan because I believe Amaechi die,he is someone I love dearly even aside politics because of reasons best known to me , but truth is that is not going to be easy for him.” @MrJoshuaSampson: “When Amaechi was given the transportation ministry to run, a lot mocked it and said it wasn’t viable and he had been relegated in government. Today, it is the face of the government! Nigeria’s own super minister and minister of the decade.”