Seven suspects, including a 15-year-old boy, have been arrested by the police in Bauchi State in connection with last Friday’s disturbance at Gudum Hausawa area of Bauchi metropolis. This was disclosed by the state police command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, in a press release he signed and made available to DAILY POST in Bauchi on Tuesday. DAILY POST had on Monday reported the attack by hoodlums on a wedding send forth ceremony held by a retired police officer, Ezra Yari, in honour of his daughter in the area. According to the PPRO, some thugs hijacked the occasion, entered the bride’s father’s house and used dangerous weapons like machetes, knives and injured some youths in the process, while two teenagers, Gift Felix (17) and Shalon Memdir (18) were confirmed dead at the Bauchi Specialist Hospital. Wakil, a Superintendent of Police (SP), informed that the seven suspects arrested by police operatives were Abdulrahman Isa (19); Buhari Hassan (26); Abubakar Yessaalu (15); Habibu Muazu (19); Jafar Haruna (30); Gaddafi Shayibu (21) and Umar Muazu (20). The police spokesman added that exhibits recovered from the suspects were two sticks; one sharp knife (Gario) and one digging tool (matoni), adding that the suspects had confessed to the crime. He stated that the suspects would accordingly be charged to court at the end of investigation. In another development, the PPRO informed that the command’s operatives, acting on credible information, arrested one Ukasha Abdulsalam, 24-year-old resident of Unguwar Doya , Zaranda village of Toro Local Government Area of the state, for impersonating a senior Nigerian Air Force (NAF) officer. According to SP Wakil, “The suspect had impersonated a senior officer in the Nigerian Air Force to defraud innocent citizens in Bauchi State. “Sometimes in the year 2020, the suspect defrauded a prominent personality in Dass LGA under the guise of giving an appointment/slot to his children and collected money from them. Also in Ganjuwa LGA, the suspect defrauded one Hussaini Kafi ‘m’ of Kafin-Madaki the sum of N100,000 in the name of giving him appointment in the Nigerian Air Force. “The suspect had earlier this month lured one Luci Ezekiel ‘f’ of GRA Bauchi defrauded her the sum of N280,000 for the appointment/slot in the Nigerian Air Force.” He informed that on interrogation, the suspect confessed to the commission of the offence.