A Fulani Group, Kulen Allah Cattle Rearers Association of Nigeria, (KACRAN), has tasked the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami to implement the presidential directive on recovering all encroached grazing reserves and cattle routes across the country. National President of the Association Khalil Mohd Bello, gave the charge in a statement issued on Tuesday. He said for the interest of peace and unity in the country there is a need to liberate all gazetted grazing reserves and cattle routes from encroachment by sedentary farmers who convert them into farmlands. He added that this attitude is among the factors causing conflicts between sedentary farmers and herders leading to the wanton destruction of lives and property over the years. “The encroached grazing reserves and routes are legal and constitutionally owned by herders and the President’s directive for their reclaiming, hence farmers may plant their crops in the areas under discussion and induce direct herders and farmers clash. “The enforcement of the said historic and very important order will reduce if not completely end the wanton clashes between Cattle Rearer and Farmers”, Bello said. The KACRAN’s National President said reclaiming all the encroached grazing reserves and reviving them through the provision of water points and animal pasture will end most of the problems herdsmen are facing now. “As law-abiding Nigerians, we are bound to respect our constituted authorities and we humbly pledge our commitment in search of a solution (s) to peaceful coexistence. We strongly believe that the implementation of the directive will bring about a lasting solution to the lingering problem between herders and farmers”, he assured. Bello, however, noted that non-implementation of the presidential order will set bad precedence that the President’s directive can be ignored or thrown away and that nothing will be done to punish those who clearly demonstrated the act of insubordination. “If the president’s order will be allowed to die naturally, then who’s order will be carried out or executed in the country?”, he queried. The Association through the National President again appealed to the Nation’s Justice Minister to kindly ensure the timely implementation of the order by an Implementation Committee. “It is our sincere belief that, if our illegally occupied grazing reserves and blocked cattle routes which our livestock are using for free movement to their designated grazing reserves and water points, without moving through anybody’s farm are reclaimed and revived, peace and stability will be easily achieved in the entire country”, Bello assured.