The Governor of Akwa Ibom State and presidential aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Udom Emmanuel has appealed to members of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) to stand by him to clinch the party’s 2023 ticket. Udom claimed he stood by the party during its troubled moments until it overcame its challenges. The Akwa Ibom State Governor who made the remarks while addressing the PDP National Working Committee (NWC), Wednesday, said the party wants to see those who will be bridge builders and not creators of further division. ”They want to see those who have the capacity and will re-construct the economic and the social order of Nigeria and very few of them have decided to come up. He continued “so if you check, very few of us stood by the party during trying times or periods. We did our very best to make sure this party did not extinguish and today I thank God this party has come back to its formidable stage. He also lamented that the APC led Federal Government have destroyed the economy and Nigerians are no longer safe. “So the solution of Nigeria first of all is to try and rescue our economic values in this country. I don’t want to go so much about the infrastructure because that one, once you can rescue the economy with that you can reconstruct and restore the infrastructure decay of this country”. In his response, PDP National Chairman, Dr Iyorchia Ayu assured the Akwa Ibom State Governor that the national convention slated for 28 and 29 May will be free, fair and credible. “I told you we have the best. I don’t think you can doubt that. We don’t want aspirants who run around the stadium but cannot run a railway station. Our aspirants are people who can perform. “Luckily for us, we have the history since 1999, of running very transparent conventions. I want to assure you, that this NWC is determined to repeat that, so that at the end of the day, whoever emerges as the candidate will gain the support of other aspirants and members of the party, because, no single person can win the presidency alone”.