Former Governor of Zamfara State, Abdulaziz Yari has expressed dismay over the imposition of leadership in the All Progressives Congress (APC ), lamenting that the people are no longer allowed to elect the leadership of their choices. The former Governor expressed worry that the leadership of the party has violated some provisions of the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as well as the constitution of the party by the imposition of leadership bringing injustice into the party. Yari disclosed this during a Ramadan breakfast at his country home, Talata-Mafara, saying democratic ideals have been thrown to the dustbin by the national leadership of the party. “All the noises being made by the APC leadership is just empty national propaganda which cannot in any way solve the internal crisis of the party. The party’s leadership should go back to the drawing board” “The originators of democracy have described it as the government of the people enthrone by the people and for the people. But in the APC fold, the system has been rubbished by the leadership of the party”. He said the majority of the leaders are teleguided by the powers that be, pointing out that justice has been miscarried in the ruling party, leaving open doors for members of the party to seek alternatives. The former Governor explained that there is no reason for him and his teeming supporters to remain in the APC, stressing that he has been holding a series of meetings with his political associates for his next line of action. “I have assured my teeming supporters that if we arrive at an acceptable conclusion, then I will return to Zamfara State to make an official declaration on our next political agenda because I am a grassroots politician to the core” He also lamented that APC leaders knоw very well in their hearts that what is going on in the party is not democracy but a dictatorial system of government which he cannot accept. Recall that the internal crisis between Yari and the APC leadership emanated when Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle defected to the APC from the PDP and the national leadership of APC dissolved the state’s leadership and allegedly implanted Matawalle’s boys as the caretaker committee members of the party in the state. DAILY POST reports that the development angered Yari’s faction of APC, creating friction in the state chapter of the party and in turn deepened its internal crisis.