construction workers with Quemecs Nigeria Limited, the original contractors of the Ring road 2 project, in Uyo,Akwa Ibom State have renewed their call on governor Udom Emmanuel, to pay the outstanding balance owed the company to enable it pay them their entitlements. This is the second time the workers called on the governor to intervene following the revocation of the initial contract with the mother contractor, Quemecs Nigeria. It could be recalled that the government last year, revoked the contract with Quemecs and re-awarded same to an indigenous construction firm, Hensek Integrated Company Limited, leaving an outstanding balance of about N596.48m due to be paid to the first construction firm. A subcontractor with Quemecs Nigeria Limited, Mr Isaac Ibanga, who spoke on behalf of others in Uyo on Sunday, lamented that despite their plea, the state government was yet to pay the outstanding balance owed the company. He lamented that government’s refusal to pay the outstanding balance has caused untold hardship, adding that about four of the contractors have died while some have been bedridden as a result of their inability to meet the demand of their various creditors due to government’s indebtedness to Quemecs. His words, “Some contractors borrowed money from the bank, some borrowed from associations and individuals to execute the contract hoping they will be paid, but up till date, nothing has been done. The situation has caused frustration and untold hardship. About four of our members have died while some of them are in the hospital, yet government has refused to pay.” He disclosed that his company, Sikak firm Nigeria Ltd, constructed the entire drainage placement of the Ring road project, that is still in use, adding that it’s indebted to the tune of N18m representing the amount that was sourced from bank to execute the project. “We did the drainage placement to a far distance. To my surprise, payment ceased since 2019. Later we heard that the mother company’s (Quemecs) contract was revoked and we expected that the severance packages should be paid, we are not interested in who carries on the project, but what we are saying is that government should pay the outstanding balance” he said He said they have written several letters to both Quemecs, adding that efforts to get the attention of the relevant ministry and parastatals have proved abortive However, when DAILY POST contacted the project manager, Quemecs Nigeria Limited, Engr Stephen Oluyemi, lamented that the state government has yet to pay the company the outstanding balance of N596.48m which will enable them to pay the suppliers and subcontractors. He said, ”the truth is that we owed the indigenes, subcontractors and suppliers huge amounts of money. They have been writing to us but the issue is that we have not been paid the money by the state government. “The work from three years ago was about 70% done until Covid-19 came and the government did not pay and since then we’ve been expecting payment. On February 2021, what rather came was letter of termination and they re awarded the contract to another company, since then we’ve not received our outstanding balance Efforts to speak with the state Commissioner of Works and Fire Service, Prof. Eno Ibanga, was not successful as at the time of filing this report as he could not pick his calls and did not respond to text message send to his phone