President Muhammadu Buhari has been told to remove Governor Nasir el-Rufai as the Governor of Kaduna State and declare a state of emergency in the State without further delay. A former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan and socio-political activist, Reno Omokri, gave the advice, insisting that Buhari would destroy the South-East without thinking twice had the train bombing by terrorists happened in the region. The former presidential aide wondered how many people were killed by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, before the current administration sent troops to the South-East and allegedly caused untold damage. He, however, doubted Buhari’s ability to declare a military rule in Kaduna State because, according to him, the terrorists may expose the President and El-Rufai. Kaduna State has been under siege by terrorists who have moved from kidnapping and killing students, attacking military bases and taking over rural villages in the State to attacking airports, train stations and government places. The daredevil terrorists recently bombed the Abuja-Kaduna bound train between Katari and Rigina axis, killed passengers and kidnapped as many as they wanted. He wrote: “You think that if a train was bombed in South-East Nigeria, Buhari would not have overwhelmed the region with troops? “Remember how troops overwhelmed Orlu in Imo last year with helicopter gunships? Why hasn’t Buhari sent them to Kaduna? Because he is protecting terrorists. “How many people did IPOB kill before General Buhari invaded the Southeast with Operation Python Dance? “Who was killed before Buhari sent Operation Crocodile Smile to the Southsouth? Now, terrorists have turned Kaduna to a war zone and Buhari is smiling at Aso Rock!” “Kaduna is a war zone. The best thing now is to declare a state of emergency and remove the Governor, @elrufai, whose comments and actions have fuelled the crisis. But of course, General Buhari won’t do it. Why? Because the terrorists may expose him and El-Rufai,” he claimed.