Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Gunmen, on Friday, invaded Isuofia community, Aguata Local Government Area, where Anambra State Governor, Prof Charles Soludo hails from. DAILY POST gathered that one policeman was killed in the process, and that the incident happened at a junction leading to the governor’s house. 2. A member of the House of Representatives from Plateau State, Hon. Yusuf Gagdi (APC) has called on the National Assembly to enact laws that will permit citizens of the country to bear arms to defend themselves. Gagdi made the call while speaking with journalists on Friday shortly after he visited some communities in Kanam and Wase Local Government Areas recently attacked by bandits. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has been criticized for granting state pardons to former Governors of Plateau and Taraba States, Joshua Dariye and Rev. Jolly Nyame. Reno Omokri, a socio-political commentator, on Friday, said Buhari pardoned Dariye and Nyame, who stole billions only to pursue and prosecute freedom fighters like Nnamdi Kanu, Sunday Igboho and Sheikh Zakzaky. 4. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday, said its members are not the gunmen who attacked and killed an ad-hoc staff of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, in Imo State. IPOB, in a statement by its spokesman, Emma Powerful, said enemies of Biafra were responsible for the attack that killed an INEC official. 5. The Federal Government has opened a channel of discussion with terrorists who abducted passengers on a Kaduna-Abuja bound train in March. 2022. Speaking with journalists in Kaduna on Friday, relatives and friends of the abducted passengers said they have been assured by the Federal Government that a channel of discussion with the terrorists has been opened. 6. An Anambra lawmaker, Dr Timothy Ifedioranma (APC-Njikoka – I) on Friday charged Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo and Bola Tinubu to give up their presidential ambitions for the Southeast. Ifedioranma told newsmen in Awka that giving up their ambition was the way to the path of justice, equity and fairness. 7. The Bishop, Diocese of Nike (Anglican Communion), Rt. Revd. Christian Onyia has condemned rising cases of violence against women. The religious leader, in his Easter message, signed by spokesman Chiwuike Uba, stated that “no one should remain in an abusive marriage”. 8. The United States Government has approved the sale of AH-1Z Attack Helicopter Related FMS Acquisitions and related equipment to Nigeria. A statement by DSCA said the sale will better equip Nigeria to contribute to shared security objectives, promote regional stability and build interoperability with the U.S. and other Western partners. 9. Veteran Nollywood actress, Shan George has revealed she almost committed suicide some time ago. Shan George in a recent interview with Chude Jideonwo said she had a financial crisis in 2011, which was so bad and forced her to sell her valuables to survive. 10. The Ricketts Family has pulled out of its bid to buy Chelsea Football Club from Russian-Israeli billionaire, Roman Abramovich. Ricketts Family, one of the final four left in the process after a deadline from sellers, Raine Group, released a statement on Friday announcing their reason for the withdrawal.