Osun West Youths and Women Forum (OWYWF) has stated that there is a need for stakeholders within the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to give a female the opportunity to represent Osun West Senatorial District in the 2023 General Elections. Making the statement on Tuesday during a chat with journalists in Osogbo, the convener of the group, Lekan Ojasope revealed that with the current political situation in Osun West Senatorial District, there is need for a woman to represent the senatorial zone. Ojasope, who held that they were optimistic that a woman would bring resounding development to the people of the constituency, added that their decision to root for a female Senator was borne out of their desire to bring Osun West Senatorial District out of the woods. In his words, “I want to say emphatically that, our Senatorial District, which is Osun West Senatorial District, needs a woman this time around, who can adopt a distinctly different approach to legislating than men. A woman who can provide better representation for the constituents. “We don’t want a Senator who would be flexing muscle with the incumbent Governor, Gboyega Oyetola because of the position he occupies. “In the history of the State, there has never been a time a woman has been given the opportunity to occupy such an elevated position. “We want a Senator who would bring the people of his constituency out of total penury through the provision of jobs, both at the State and the federal level. “We do not want a lawmaker who gains pleasure in petty empowerment such as distribution of motorcycles, grinding machines, among others. “We want a female Senator who can deliver more government spending to their districts unlike male senators do. “We found out that female Senate members always represent their constituents’ interests and needs when participating in the legislative process. “When we crunched the data, we found out that female members are more likely, than male members, to take on committee assignments that reflect the interests and demands of their districts. “Women also introduce more bills related to policy in areas that are important to their constituents and based on an assessment of the correspondence between district interests and member ideology; they are more likely to vote in ways that reflect their constituents’ needs,” he said.