Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Reports emerged yesterday that Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo, will today (Monday) declare his intention to run for the 2023 presidential election. This was revealed after the VP held a meeting with some northern governors at his residence. 2. Bandits, on Sunday, attacked villages in Kanam Local Government Area of Plateau State, setting houses on fire after abducting several others. A source, who confirmed the incident, named the attacked communities as Kukawa, Gyanbahu, Dungur and Keram villages. 3. Gunmen have set the residence of the Commissioner for Justice and the Attorney General of Imo State, Cyprian Akaolisa, on fire. The assailants also destroyed his father’s house in Obibi, Awo-Idemili, Orsu Local Government Area of the State. 4. Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, yesterday, hosted governors of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) at his official residence, Akinola Aguda House, in the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Some of the governors include, Hope Uzodinma of Imo; Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos, Gboyega Oyetola of Osun, Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufa’i, and Ogun State, Dapo Abiodun 5. Honour Ground Home, an orphanage in the FCT, has narrated how some Nigerians donate expired food items and other products to the orphanage. Speaking while receiving food items from the Fire Officers’ Wives Association on Sunday, the head of the orphanage, Mrs. Blessing Ijenwa, lamented that the children at the orphanage got sick after consuming such expired food. 6. Bandits have killed Adamu Aliyu, chairman of the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders’ Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) in Gwagwalada Area Council of Abuja. Aliyu was said to have been killed alongside four others near Daku village in Dobi ward in the nation’s capital. 7. The Federal Government says it is difficult to fight bandits because of the terrain in which they operate. Alhaji Lai Mohammed, Minister of Information and Culture, said this when he featured on a Bond FM programme at the weekend. 8. The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba, yesterday, assured Nigerians of his readiness to always put officers and men of the NPF on their toes to ensure “we have public safety across the country”. 9. The Federal Capital Territory police command has arrested one Peter Nwachukwu, a husband of the late Nigerian gospel singer Osinachi Nwachukwu over domestic violence that allegedly claimed the life of the singer. The command’s spokesperson, Josephine Adeh confirmed the arrest on Sunday night. 10. London-based Nigerian Disk Jockey, Florence Otedola, popularly known as DJ Cuppy, has congratulated Nigerian singer, Oluwatosin Ajibade, known better as Mr Eazi, after the latter proposed to his long-term girlfriend, Temi Otedola. Both Florence and Temi are daughters of Nigerian billionaire, Femi Otedola.