The youth wing of the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has condemned the violence that marred the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, meetings in some local government areas in Enugu State. DAILY POST reported that PDP meetings in Nsukka and Aninri local government areas turned violent, leaving many injured. In Nsukka, the fracas was said to have ensued between those for and those against the 5th term bid of Hon. Pat Asadu, representing Nsukka/Igbo-Eze South in the House of Representatives. Asadu is facing serious opposition over his move to return to the Green Chamber for a record 5th time. In Aninri, the violence was between supporters of two camps within the PDP over the 2023 governorship election in the state. Both incidents left casualties. In a statement made available to journalists in Enugu, the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, Worldwide, OYC, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, he described the development as unacceptable. Okwu said it was sad that Enugu was returning to the dark days. He warned that if those behind the mayhem did not retrace their steps, Enugu would soon become a theatre of war. “What happened in Enugu State on Saturday is most condemnable and unacceptable. We can’t understand that some days to the primary election, Enugu has become a battlefield. “The Coal City has been one of the safest states in Nigeria, but it is gradually losing that status because of the desperation of some politicians. “The Enugu State Government must rise to the occasion and show that it did not endorse what happened on Saturday. It must collaborate with security agencies to bring the perpetrators to book,” he said. Okwu expressed concern that “worst days may be ahead in Enugu State with what we saw on Saturday. It all depends on how the Governor, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi handles these developments. The Governor should call those behind this to order as the Chief Security officer of the State. “We call on the commissioner of Police, Enugu state to unravel those behind this dastardly act.” He sympathized with those that were wounded during the incident, especially the member representing Aninri State constituency. Meanwhile, Okwu also called on Igbo youths to resist the temptation of being used by politicians to achieve their desperate ambition. “This is a time for youths to take up leadership positions and not to be used as thugs. Politicians should use their own children to perpetuate thuggery. We must all rise and say no to this madness,” he declared.