Bauchi State Governor, Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, on Friday called on religious leaders in the state to intensify prayers for peace across the country The governor made the call at the Bauchi Hajj camp during a special prayer organised by the state Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Board for peace and sustainable development in the state. He said many persons have indicated an interest in vying for political positions and as such there was an urgent need for competent persons to be nominated. In Governor Mohammed’s words, “We need you to continue to pray for us. The 2023 election is fast approaching and many people have indicated an interest in one position or the other, perhaps because of the progress we have recorded. “You may discover that about 10 people are aspiring for only one position under the same party and those in the opposition are also contesting. “You are not politicians; please pray so that competent persons will be nominated, those with the interest of the state at heart, so that together we can work for the development of our dear state, Bauchi.” The governor asserted that if competent people are given the mandate to lead, the end result would be peace and sustainable development, declaring that as such people need to be careful of how they select those who would lead them. “It shouldn’t be me; the people of Bauchi have to put into consideration those that will deliver the much-needed dividends of democracy, ranging from members of the state House of Assembly, House of Representatives to senators, among others,” Mohammed admonished. He told clerics in the state that the entire state needed their prayers for the emergence of leaders who have the state’s interest at heart. “You are the ones that will pray so that Allah will choose for the people of Bauchi State leaders that have the interest of the state at heart. “We need your prayers as religious leaders, hoping that everybody will be given the opportunity to contest.” While assuring that he would not stop anyone from contesting in the next general elections, the governor declared that it is Allah who gives power to whomever He so wished. According to Governor Mohammed, “on our part, we will not attempt to stop anybody from contesting. We know how we emerged in 2019. It is Allah that gives power to whom He so wishes and He is the one that gave us.” He, however, commended the state Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Board for organising the prayers and pledged on his part as a leader, to dedicate himself to serving the people of the state.