Prospective Chelsea owners, The Ricketts family, have made a list of eight promises to the club’s fans if they win the bid to buy the West London club, as Roman Abramovich walks away. The Ricketts said they would never allow Chelsea to participate in a European Super League (ESL), while also exploring the option of improving Stamford Bridge Stadium. Below are the list of Ricketts family’s promise to Chelsea fans, according to Sky Sports: “Make no change to the club’s name, badge and crest, or Chelsea blue, without the consent of supporters. “Never participate in a European Super League (ESL) and always protect the integrity and heritage of Chelsea F.C. “Commit the resources necessary across all levels of the club to continue winning trophies, including investing in the first team, experienced football leadership and the Academy. “Put diversity and inclusion at the heart of the club and fight against any form of discrimination or inequality. “Create an Advisory Committee with diverse representation to ensure our decisions are informed by: a former men’s and women’s first team player, members of the CST and Chelsea Pitch Owners, and influential community leaders. “Explore every option to redevelop Stamford Bridge and do everything in our power to keep playing in this historic stadium. “Match the current commitment to Chelsea F.C. Women and increase the number of women’s matches played at Stamford Bridge. “Continue the vital charitable work of the Chelsea Foundation, seeking to use the power of football and sport to motivate, educate and inspire.” The Ricketts have been included on the shortlist to buy the Blues since Abramovich put the Champions League holders up for sale. The UK government had sanctioned Abramovich, who has owned Chelsea since 2003. Abramovich’s relations to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s regime forced the UK government to sanction him. American bank, Raine Group is overseeing the sale of Chelsea and the winning bidder must also be approved by the UK government.