Ukraine passport holders can now enter no fewer than 140 countries, according to the latest information from the Henley Passport Index. Ukraine, currently at war with Russia, has been receiving sympathies from many nations across the world. Russia invaded its neighbour on February 24, declaring its main goal was the “liberation of Donbas” in reference to Luhansk and Donetsk regions. At least 4 million Ukrainians have fled and more than 1,000 civilians are dead in the worst refugee crisis in Europe since World War II. The European Union, the United States and other Western countries have closed their airspaces to Russian air carriers and banned citizens. On the other hand, the EU has approved an emergency plan allowing Ukrainians to live and work in any of its 27 member states for up to three years. The countries and others have also adjusted their visa policies or waived visa requirements in favour of passport holders. Citing data from the International Air Transport Association (IATA), Henley says Ukraine now has a visa-free/visa-on-arrival score of 143. At a record high, the country presently ranks 34th on the global index, while Russia trails behind in 49th place (117-country access). The position of Russia, now suspended from the United Nations Human Rights Council, is expected to drop further due to sanctions and travel bans. Japan and Singapore continue to share the top spot, with their passport holders able to access 192 destinations. Germany and South Korea hold a joint-2nd place with a score of 190. Finland, Italy, Luxembourg, and Spain share 3rd place (189). The United Kingdom now sits in 5th place with a score of 187, while the U.S. passport is 6th with access to 186 countries. Nigeria, Africa’s most populous nation, is 99th on the table; passport holders can access 45 destinations visa-free. Dr. Christian H. Kaelin, Chairman of Henley & Partners noted that the update provides a unique snapshot of a volatile and rapidly changing world. Kaelin says as the Russian passport’s value declines and the world embraces Ukrainians, it is clear that passports determine people’s fate and impact the opportunities they have. “While it is impossible to predict what the world will look like in the shadow of a new Cold War, the latest index suggests that the divide between Russia and much of the Western world will only increase”, he added. Japan’s passport has solely or jointly (with Singapore) held the number one spot since 2018.