A gubernatorial aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Oyedele Hakeem Alao, has alleged that Governor Seyi Makinde is running the most corrupt government in the history of the state. Recall that Oyo State has been governed by four civilian governors before Makinde took over in 2019. But Alao, who contested the gubernatorial election on the platform of Alliance for Democracy in 2019, allege that Makinde’s government is the most corrupt among the five governors. Alao who recently joined the APC said with the look of things, Oyo State would soon be bankrupt under the administration of Makinde. Alao in a statement made available to DAILY POST by his media office in Ibadan on Monday alleged that since Makinde assumed office in 2019, his administration has been synonymous with betrayal, corruption and thuggery. He maintained that the recent revelation by Dataphyte of the award of contract for school notebooks at N998m with each copy of 60 leaves costing N2,100, was an icing on the cake of the corruption going on in the state. Alao added that the recent arrest of the state Accountant-General, Gafar Bello, by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) over N9 billion allegedly deducted from the local government funds for the re-election of the governor in 2023 showed that Makinde did not mean well for the state. He also alleged that rather than investing in the education sector, Makinde has turned the state into a breeding school for hooligans and thugs. He said, “The governor similarly promised not to add to the debt profile of the state. This promise is nothing but a ruse as the latest data released by the Debt Management Office (DMO) revealed that the state’s total public debt increased to N178 billion as of December 31, 2021. It showed that Oyo State’s foreign debt stood at $85.27 million (N35.46 billion) and N142.56 billion for domestic debt. In 2020, Oyo State’s debt was N129.94 billion showing that each year it keeps increasing. “Also, the education sector is nothing to write home about with many students in the public schools still sitting on the floor due to poor infrastructure. “While the essence of any government is the protection of lives and property this is not the case in our state as the administration of Governor Makinde has elevated hooliganism to the highest level thereby impacting negatively on the image of the state. “As at today, hoodlums have continued to reign terror in most parts of Ibadan, the state capital and other parts of the state causing deaths of many innocent people. For instance, Rahman Azeez was killed when members of the Park Manager System (PMS) unleashed terror on phone sellers in Iwo Road while many innocent others have also been killed in similar situations,” he alleged.