There was tension in the Adamawa political circles on Monday over an alleged plan by the state House of Assembly to declare vacant the seat of a member who defected from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC). Ayuba Joseph Kwada, who represents Michika constituency in the state House of Assembly, had at the weekend announced switching of membership from PDP to APC, saying the PDP had long been sidelining him in activities and decisions that should involve him or require his input. His defection from the PDP allegedly caused panic within the House leadership and in the state government, as the PDP with Ayuba had only a slight majority of 14 to 11, meaning that the ratio is now 13 PDP members to 12 APC members in the House. It had become the talk of the town around Adamawa State by Tuesday morning that the House would at the day’s sitting declare Ayuba’s seat vacant. Pro-Ayuba youths had responded by gathering in front of the House of Assembly Complex on Barracks Road, Yola, as early as 9am, protesting the alleged plan to remove Ayuba by declaring his seat vacant. The youths displayed placards voicing their rejection of the plan as they sang songs in praise of Ayuba. Ayuba, in an interview with newsmen, while the protest was on, said he left the PDP in the first place because the PDP and Governor Ahmadu Fintiri were treating him in ways that suggested he was no longer important to them. ‘I was left in the sun and I could no longer bear the sun, so I left for the APC where I would find shade,” Ayuba said. Responding to the question of the alleged plan to pronounce his seat vacant, he said, “I heard all that, but I don’t know how they will do it. Not long ago, Musa Bororo (representing Mubi South in the House of Assembly) left APC for the PDP. His seat was not declared vacant. When the Adamawa State House of Assembly eventually had its sitting, Tuesday afternoon, its proceeding was an anti-climax to anyone expecting any drama about Ayuba Kwada’s seat. House Speaker, Aminu Iya Abbas led members through proceedings which treated three bills but said nothing about Ayuba Kwada. Not a word was uttered by either the speaker or any member until the House adjourned sitting to Wednesday, giving rise to the fresh speculation that the House is leaving ‘action’ for Wednesday or some other day.