The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has advised students of The Polytechnic, Ibadan to keep away from the institution’s campus. NANS urged the students to steer clear of the campus until their security is guaranteed. DAILY POST reports that Ibadan Polytechnic is one of the higher tertiary institutions owned by the Oyo State Government. Our correspondent gathered that the institution has in the last few weeks witnessed a series of clashes between some opposing groups. The institution, a few months ago also witnessed an armed robbery attack. NANS in its reaction advised the students to steer clear of the campus. The union explained that this is necessary due to insecurity caused by the continuous clash between rivalry cult groups within the institution in the last few weeks. The student body in a press release by the Chairman of the association in Oyo State, Comrade Quadri Adeleke, noted that there have been traumatic attacks on the campus. Adeleke in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday added that it is better for students to stay off the campus till the school management proffers a lasting solution. “Lack of timely and promptness in handling security issues by the Management of The Polytechnic Ibadan remains a serious challenge to the knowledge givers, the learners and also other critical stakeholders. “The traumatic attack experience alone instils fear in the lecturers and the students and makes it very difficult for them to have a good stay on campus. “In solidarity with the Students’ Union Government of The Polytechnic Ibadan, the NANS J.C.C. Oyo Axis Chairman, Comrade Adeleke Quadri Abidemi in a bid to ensure the safety of Nigerian Students on that campus, supported that students should stay at home until the management proffer a lasting solution to the security issues on campus. “Therefore, students are advised to stay off campus until the security issue is completely mitigated. May we never be a victim of bad circumstances,” he said.