The Executive Governor of Zamfara State, Hon. Bello Mohammed Matawalle has appointed Alhaji Bashar Isma’il Ari as the new Emir of Moriki Emirate. Speaking during the ceremony held at the Government House, Gusau, the State capital, Governor Matawalle said the appointment of the new emir followed the demise of his late father, who was the Emir of Moriki, Alhaji Isma’il Muhammad Ari II. “The conferment of the appointment was based on the recommendations of the King makers of Moriki Emirate council, who rated the new Emir as the most suitable among those who contested for the throne of Moriki Emirate. “The traditional leaders play vital roles in the security of lives and properties of the urban and rural dwellers, because the traditional leaders are identified to be closer to their people,” he said. While congratulating the new Emir for ascending the throne of his forefathers, the Governor enjoined him to carry all his subjects along for the unity and progress of Moriki Emirate Council and Zamfara State in general. “My administration will continue to respect the traditional institutions as the custodian of our religion, norms and culture ,” he added. He also charged the people of Moriki Emirate to give their maximum support, loyalty and cooperation to the new monarch to ensure that peace and tranquility reigned in all parts of the Emirate. Responding, the new Emir of Moriki, Alhaji Bashar Isma’il Ari, who spoke through the Emir of Kaura Namoda, Alhaji Sanusi Muhammad Asha thanked the Governor for the honour done to the new emir. The monarch assured the Governor that he will do his best to ensure unity, sustainable peace and development in the Emirate to justify the confidence reposed in him by the Governor and his people. The occasion was attended by the State Deputy Governor, Senator Hassan Muhammad Nasiha Jarman Gusau, Speaker Zamfara State House of Assembly, Right Hon Nasiru Muazu Magarya, former Deputy Governor, Alhaji Muktar Ahmed Anka, Emir of Anka and Chairman State Council of Chiefs, Alhaji Attahiru Muhammad Ahmed. Others include Special Adviser to Governor Matawalle on Chieftaincy Affairs, Alhaji Yusuf Zugu Wazirin Gummi, as well as other senior government officials.