Following the attack on some communities in Kanam, Bassa and Barkin Ladi LGAs of Plateau State, over 90 people are feared to have been killed, over 70 abducted, scores injured and more than 100 homes set ablaze in a week. DAILY POST gathered from locals in the aforementioned council that Kukawa, Gyanbahu, Dungur and Keram villages were the communities attacked, that suspected bandits have killed over 78 people, over 70 abducted and over 100 homes set ablaze, all in Kanam LGA of the state. According to a resident of one of the affected villages, Bala Adam, the incident occurred around 3pm on Sunday, saying, “Gunmen came around 3pm at started shooting sporadically, it was unbelievable, as if it was a dream. “We are terrified and traumatised, we don’t know their mission or reason behind such an act, in broad daylight; I have not experience this kind of situation before. “As we speak, over 78 people were killed, more than 70 others are missing and I can’t really say the number of injured people; however we suspect they may have been abducted. “Also, over 100 houses were set ablaze, it took the grace of God for some of us be alive, as we took to our heels and took cover in bushes, but i still don’t know their motive, so that’s why we feel they are bandits. “We are calling on government to come to our aid; and security operatives to provide more security and intensify search for the missing people.” He said that many were injured while hundreds of people have fled their homes, adding that security personnel are yet to reach the villages. Musa said the gunmen, in seperate attacks, invaded the villages at about 1 am when the residents of the areas were going about their normal activities and started shooting sporadically. He said there is high presence of security operatives in the affected communities now. When DAILY POST contacted the spokesman of the Plateau State Police Command, ASP Ubah Ogaba, he said, “The Command is aware of the incident at kanam and deployment has been drafted to the area. “Detailed information will be communicated when I return from Kanam.” DAILY POST recalls that on the 2nd April, 2022, 10 people were killed and 19 others injured during a festival to usher in the farming season (Zereci) in Irigwe chiefdom of Bassa LGA of the State. Recall also that, gunmen suspected to be Fulani militia on the 7th, April, 2022, attacked Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) who were trying to rebuild their homes at Rantis, in Gashish District of Barkin Ladi LGA of the state, killing two and leaving three others with gunshot wounds. Meantime, major routes in Jos, the state capital, leading to head offices of security agencies were on Sunday blocked by security operatives, on rumours of planned attacks on security formations in the state. However, while security agencies were on alert in the state capital, mayhem was being unleashed on four villages in Kanam LGA of the state.