Aare Onakakanfo of Yoruba land, Gani Adams, on Saturday, described death of the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi III as a national tragedy, collosal and personal loss to him. Adams, in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media, Kehinde Aderemi, expressed shock at the news of Oba Adeyemi’s death, stating that the news is like an eclipse on Yoruba land. The statement read: “Kabiesi’s death is surely a national tragedy, it’s a personal loss to me and it ended a chapter in the annals of this country. The Yoruba has lost a true and revered monarch and a repository of history and knowledge. “A sudden cloud has overwhelmed the entire Yoruba land and we can hardly forget the roles of Alaafin as a top Yoruba monarch in a hurry. There is no way I can figure out this collosal loss.” According to him, Alaafin of Oyo was a strong pillar in the service of Yoruba race, Iroko among all trees and a strong voice for the Yoruba race. “Alaafin was, till date, the longest reigning monarch in Oyo history. No monarch had reigned for 35 yrs in Oyo, but Alaafin outlived that, spending 52 years on the throne. “He occupied the sacred stool with much understanding of his pivotal roles as the Alaafin and showed great capacity, tenacity and several qualities that made him a strong force to be reckoned with. “His 52-year reign was full of outstanding moments, but it is sad we lost that encyclopaedia of Yoruba, African history and global histories at this critical time in the history of our nation. “I’m not only bereaved personally, I am also short of words to describe the extent of this huge loss. Kabiesi’s death has created a big lacuna for the Yoruba traditional institution. “Alaafin was the only monarch that installed two Aare-onakakanfo of Yoruba land in his lifetime. He also installed the late MKO Abiola in 1988 and 30 years after, in 2018, he installed my humble self as holders of the prestigious position that began in 1530,” he said. He noted that the late monarch will be missed for his wise counsel, ideologies, strong conviction to Yoruba cause, resoluteness, knowledge and wisdom of history. Gani Adams offered his condolences to the Oyo State Governor, Eng. Seyi Makinde and the good people of Oyo State, the Oloris and the princes and the princess.