Zamfara State Police Command said it has rescued 39 kidnapped victims and arrested 10 members of the outlawed Yansakai group for various offences. It also disclosed the recovery of locally fabricated guns, vehicles, motorcycles and other exhibits from the suspects Addressing newsmen at the command’s headquarters in Gusau, the State capital, the State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Ayuba Elkanan said locally fabricated guns, one stolen Honda vehicle of 2012 model and four motorcycles, as well as other exhibits, were recovered during various Police operations across the state. “The Police in Gusau Central Police Station received information from Bauchi State that one Abdulahi Sank Mohammed of Karofin Madaki of the State was involved in a minor motor vehicle accident at a point before Ganjuwa Local Government Area of the State, with a stolen Anaconda vehicle, 2012 model that was stolen at the residence of one Usman Shehu of Danturai area in Gusau, Zamfara State,” he said. “Police detectives moved to Bauchi State and arrested the suspect along with the vehicle. A locally fabricated pistol was recovered inside the stolen vehicle. Investigation in progress with a view to arresting other members of the syndicate and charge them to court for prosecution” Continuing, the commissioner said on the 10th of April, 2022, Police Tactical operatives on clearance operations also rescued thirty-nine kidnapped victims, who were abducted in March and early April, 2022 at various villages and locations in Bungudu and Maru Local Government Areas. “The rescued victims are 8 males, 15 females, including nursing mothers and 16 children. The achievement was as a result of the ongoing clearance operation by the Joint Police and Military at Dabar Magaji camp located at Kadanya forest, stretching between Kaura Namoda and Maradun Local Government Areas of the State,” he said. “Victims have been medically treated by the joint Police and State Government Medical teams and later debriefed by the Police detectives and will be handed over to the officials of the two Local Government Areas for a reunion with their families” Mr. Elkanan also noted that the Police in Talata Mafara received a distress call that some unidentified hoodlums suspected to be kidnappers silently trooped into the Fakon Idi area in Talata Mafara and kidnapped two persons. “DPO, Talata Mafara. Divisional Police led a team of policemen to the scene where Babangida Yusuf, Ibrahim Lawali and Abdulsalam Abubakar were arrested with one operational motorcycle, saying the suspects were suspiciously arrested inside an uncompleted building with a motorcycle. “During interrogation, the suspects could not give a satisfactory account of why they were at the scene at that material time. Efforts is being made to rescue the kidnapped victims. Meanwhile, a discreet investigation is in progress” The commissioner further stated that the Police patrol team attached to the Eagle Eye operation received a distress call from Hira da Kwadi area Gusau, that some hoodlums entered the house of one Aisha Mai-Adda threatened her with some dangerous weapons and robbed her of the sum of fifteen thousand naira and a handset. “Police operatives moved to the area where Usman Salisu, aka Bale and Bashiru Bala, aka Sayid were arrested in connection with the crime, while others escaped. The above-mentioned exhibits were recovered in their possession. An investigation is in progress, aimed at arresting the fleeing suspects and charge them to court for prosecution” He also revealed that troops from Sector 1 of Operation Hadarin Daji operating at Dogon Kade axis in Kaura Namoda Local Government Area, handed over one Bilyanu Musa, Sufiyanu Ibrahim, Zayyanu Abdulahi, and Sharif Abubakar to Zamfara State Police Command for discreet investigation on alleged invasion of Dogon Kade market where traders including Fulanis were attacked and harassed. He said that five locally fabricated guns, three operational motorcycles, three cutlasses, one axe and one stick were recovered from the suspects. “This type of situation aggravates reprisal attack from bandits killing and adducting innocent people. Recall that the State Government had already outlawed the activities of Yansakai across the State. A discreet investigation is in progress and suspects will be charged to court for prosecution” ” I want to thank the good people of Zamfara State for their synergy with the security agencies, especially the Police and assure you of our continuous commitment to ensure the safety and security of all Zamfara people”