The Leader of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, on Sunday, said the new National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Abdullahi Adamu will continue the Fulani agenda and will be controlled by cabals. Primate Ayodele said Adamu will be confused over the process of picking APC’s next Presidential candidate. In a statement signed by his Media Aide, Osho Oluwatosin, Primate Ayodele said: ‘’The new APC Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu will want to continue the Fulani agenda, APC will be troubled because the man will be confused in the selection of the next presidential candidate. ‘’Adamu is working for the cabals and they will be the ones to be controlling him. On the issue of insecurity, APC will not get a capable person to handle it because it is caused by the cabals, those hungry for power and Adamu will not be able to administer APC the way he is supposed to because there is an agenda he needs to fulfil.’’ Primate Ayodele revealed that Adamu will not have a mind of his own and will be blamed for some mistakes in the party. He said Adamu’s refusal to listen to the power that produce him would lead to division in the party. ‘’Adamu needs to pray for his good health, he will not be able to have his own mind, he will be full of confusion to know who to pick as next presidential candidate, no candidate of the APC will be democratically elected. ‘’The party will be divided because the chairman will not want to listen to the power that produced him. Let them continue to pray against internal wrangling, if Adamu wants to succeed, he must be extremely careful and seek for God’s divine direction. He must be realistic because he will be full of sentiment, he will be misled, confronted with so many challenges. Adamu needs to strategize, put things in order to achieve his chairmanship vision and aims because it won’t be too rosy. He will be faced with court cases and his efforts needs prayers to be successful. Adamu will also be obedient to some quarters he isn’t supposed to listen to, based on the powers that brought him in.”