As the 2023 general election draws nearer, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Woman Leader, Prof Stella Effah-Attoe, has urged women aspirants in the party to work to win the election and not to participate. PDP National Woman Leader charged the women during the 2022/23 PDP Female Aspirants Consultation at party headquarters in Abuja on Monday. Prof Stella Effah-Attoe, who disclosed that women have put modalities in place on how to win the election, urged the aspirants to monitor the achievements of female aspirants and plan for the future. She said the meeting was necessitated by my desire to leave no stone unturned to ensure that “women do not only come out to participate in politics but to also participate meaningfully and win elections”. She added that women have always thought about women coming to participate, saying “We’ve been doing that over the years, we’ve been participating but the issue now is coming out to win elections. PDP National woman leader continued “This kind of meeting is unprecedented. I deem it necessary to know our female aspirants across the 36 states of the Federation and the FCT. This gathering will afford us the opportunity to understand the role of the National Woman Leader in broadening the horizon for female effective participation in politics. To share ideas with veterans and tap from their wealth of experience. “Enhance our approaches and methodologies as we go to the field. Understand the pros and cons inherent in our political pursuits with a view to preferring solutions to them. “I believe that at the end of this significant exercise, our female aspirants will rise from here in high spirits towards the business ahead.” On her part, the former National Women Leader of the party and Minister of Women Affairs under the Goodluck Jonathan administration, Josephine Anenih noted that women must work their way. Josephine Anenih noted that the 35 per cent affirmative action for women in various offices is not automatic as women must work their way up, saying “If you are not qualified and nobody knows you in your place, you won’t get the seat you are looking for. “The 35 per cent affirmative action we are clamouring for is not magic. We must work hard for it. Don’t give PDP a bad name by saying women are marginalized. If you are qualified you will be given a chance”.