Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has slammed President Muhammadu Buhari over killings across Benue and neighbouring States. The group noted that the President Buhari-led presidency only issues what it described as shameless statements after killings, kidnappings and maiming of innocent citizens have been successfully executed by marauding terrorists. The human rights advocacy organisation said this while condemning the killings of scores of innocent Nigerians in Plateau and Benue States, describing it as unbecoming. HURIWA said it was still wondering why the President can only issue statements and not back the rhetorics up with actionable legal sanctions strong enough to deter the killers. In a statement by its National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko, the rights group backed Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom’s umpteenth call for people of the Middle Belt to carry weapons and defend themselves against rampaging marauders who have no sanctity for human lives. HURIWA said that the security challenges in the country is now of grave concern, insisting that there is now the need for self-defense especially in Benue and Plateau States. A recent report has it that more than 6,000 persons are displaced following attacks carried out by suspected terrorists in Kanam Local Government Area of Plateau State and majority of them are currently taking refuge in markets and primary schools. The suspected terrorists had invaded about seven communities in Kanam LGA on Sunday and shot at anyone they saw, which led to the killing of over 70 persons. Several persons were also abducted by the terrorists, who also set their houses ablaze. The Benue State Governor had in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, lamented the killing of his people on a daily basis, insisting that the people of the State would now have to rise to the occasion to defend themselves and would not continue and watch their lives being cut shut by terrorists. HURIWA said, “The security agencies and the regime of President Muhammadu Buhari again failed Nigerians.” The rights group said it “therefore, backs Ortom’s call for self defense” adding that Section 33(2)(a) of the Nigerian Constitution makes self defence lawful.