The Anambra State Police Command has paraded 32 suspects for various offences. The state police command’s spokesperson, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, said the suspects were arrested for offences ranging from cultism, revenue touting and possession of prohibited firearms. Ikenga, while quoting the state police commissioner, CP Echeng Echeng, said the command has resolved to stamp out violent crimes, extortion and other forms of crime and criminality in the state. He said: “The CP stated this, today Sunday 10th April, 2022 when police officers, attached to Anambra Command arrested thirty two suspects on offences ranging from armed robbery, unlawful possession of firearm and extortion, recovered one locally made beretta pistol, one magnum pump-action and ammunition.” He said one of the suspects was arrested acting on credible information, at about 4:30am on March 30, 2022. “Operatives arrested one Ozo Olie Ifeanyi ‘M’ 43years in his residence at Odoje village, Onitsha and recovered one locally fabricated single barrel pistol and one live ammunition concealed in a bag. “Investigation so far reveals that the suspect has already made useful statement that will lead to the arrest of other members of their criminal gang. He also confessed to be a member of the Black Axe Cult Group and specializes in robbing unsuspecting members of the public of their valuables. “Similarly, another suspect, one Ifeanyi Nwobu ‘M’ 49years Native of Enuorji Village, Enugu ukwu at about 9pm on 30/3/2022 was arrested and recovered one Magnum pump action gun. The suspect has made useful statements that could unravel the source of the arm,” Ikenga stated. Meanwhile, 30 of the paraded suspects were arrested for flouting the State Government’s ban on touting, extortion and illegal revenue collection in the State. The arrested suspects include: Ifeatu Oluebube, Akpa Ikechukwu, Linus Ekene, Nwede Chinedu, Nwigwe Osinachi, Nas Emeka, Uduak Linus, Obi Onyebuchi, Ayo Omah, Igwe Chukwuebuka, Nweke Abuchi and Anthony Chidi. Others are Onyebuchi Ndubuisi, Onyekwelu Ifechukwu, Nwagha Nzube, Anamabu Somto, Duru Chigozie, Onwuakpa Chukwudi, Nworie Chimaram, Orji Onyebuchi, Nnamani Chukwuebuka, Ifeanyi Chinedu, among others, who were arrested in various places in Onitsha. Echeng assured that the confidence reposed in the police on protection of lives and properties, maintenance of law and order will never be taken for granted. He also called for increased information flow from the public to the police.