The apex Youth Wing of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide has appealed to President Mohammadu Buhari to apply nationalistic and patriotic approach in order to end the judicial battle between Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of Indigenous People Of Biafra (IPOB) and federal government. The youth group implored Buhari to play a fatherly role, thereby being patriotic in tackling the protracted issue as it regards Kanu, pointing out that such would in no doubt, resuscitate the visibly dying consciousness of the new generation of the Igbo extraction. OYC stated this in a release made available to DAILY POST on Saturday by its National President, Comrd. Igboayaka O. Igboayaka in Owerri, Imo State capital. The release reads “Nigeria today is evidently characterized by socio-cultural and political injury, ethnic jingoism, and regional marginalization. And the signal of insecurity in Northern Nigeria and agitation in the Southern part of Nigeria should be seen as a call for meditation and reflection by every concerned Nigerian. “The government of president Muhammadu Buhari can make a choice that will trigger jubilation in the country by acting fatherly and patriotic in the case of Nnamdi Kanu, by seeing the release of Nnamdi Kanu as his fatherly responsibility which will reawaken the consciousness of new generation of Igbo extraction that Nigeria can survive in a round table of dialogue instead in the theater of war.” The Igbo group emphasized that sincerity, justice and fairness were the basic factors required for a reinvigorated and successful Nigeria OYC further said president Mohammadu Buhari should demonstrate sincerity in pursuing Nigerian Unity, by knowing that releasing Nnamdi Kanu will bring news of a rebirth of Nigeria. “The quest for fairness and justice of the Igbo new generation in Nigeria political project should be given a holistic approach which will metamorphose into reintegration of the Separatist groups, by applying fairness justice in all that led to the call of secession in Nigeria,” Igboayaka stated. “Our appeal to President Mohammadu Buhari is to earnestly consider the political solution to the case of Nnamdi Kanu as presented by Prof. Amb. George Obiozor and other eminent Nigerians as a catalyst that will stimulate national peace and Unity.” The Igbo youths urged all Pro-Biafran groups for a ballot revolution in Igbo land in the 2023 general election, which he noted optimistically would retire the “gangs of political criminals in Igbo land. “The youth group, lamented that the hike in agitation by IPOB was borne out of the extant political negligence of Igbo politicians, “the primitive accumulation of public Wealth by Igbo governors, senators, house of representatives members, house of assembly, commissioners, ministers. “These were factors that led to underdevelopment, poverty, death, insecurity and unemployment in Igbo land.”