The Joint Action Committee of the Non-Academic Staff Union, NASU, and the Senior Staff Association of Nigeria Universities, SSANU, has extended its 14-day warning strike in Nigerian universities by two weeks. The body said following the failure of the Nigerian government to act positively on the ongoing warning strike, “JAC hereby directs members to continue with the warning strike for another two weeks.” The national leadership of JAC of the two unions issued the directive on Friday at a meeting to appraise the ongoing warning strike by its members to force the Federal government meet their demands. It hoped that within the period, the government will be in a position to address the issues in contention. A statement by the General Secretary, NASU, Prince Peters A. Adeyemi and Comrade Mohammed.N.Ibrahim, respectively, said “however, if the present situation persists, the members of NASU and SSANU will be adequately informed about the next line of action before the expiration of the additional two weeks.” The body observed that “the Federal Government has not deemed it fit to invite JAC of NASU and SSANU to a meeting since the struggle started.” It also took note of the media statement credited to the representative of the government, Dr Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment on the ‘No Work No Pay’ policy to its members. The statement said the Friday meeting resolved that the issues in contention are not new and that JAC has followed due process and fulfilled all necessary conditions precedent before commencing the strike. “In view of that, all branches of NASU and SSANU are hereby directed to hold congresses on Monday, April 11, 2022 and take resolutions on the ongoing strike. The outcome of the resolutions should be forwarded to your respective union headquarters immediately for collation,” the statement further directed. The demands of the two unions include the inconsistent issue of IPPIS, unpaid earned allowances and delay in renegotiation of FGN, NASU, SSANU agreement and non-payment of minimum wage arrears. Others include neglect and poor funding of State universities, non payment of retirement benefits to outgoing members of the unions and usurpation of headship of non-teaching units in clear violation of conditions of service and establishment procedures, among others.