The Ekiti State Police Command has paraded seven suspects in connection with various crimes in the state ranging from, cultism, murder, burgling, kidnapping and impersonation. One of the suspects is Akamo Ayodeji, aka AK MORE, who attacked a student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti, Akomolafe Tolulope Patience, with an axe, a situation that led to his death. The various arrests came barely a few days after the new Commissioner of Police, CP. Moronkeji O. Adesina assumed office. The CP, on the assumption of office, promised to continue to partner with the military, paramilitary, intelligence agencies and communities to enhance knowledge sharing, deepen mutual understanding and develop a tight security architecture in the state that will cripple the activities of all criminal elements and guarantee the safety of lives and properties of the good people of Ekiti State. Addressing journalists at the premises of the command, the Ekiti State Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Sunday Abutu, said the partnership was already yielding results as all the suspects were arrested through a tip-off from members of the public and intensified efforts by men of the command. Giving details about the arrests, Abutu said “On 04/04/2022 At about 17:30hrs, the Command received a distress call that some suspected kidnappers were operating along Ikole-Ekiti/Ijesa-Isu-Ekiti Road. “The Command, upon the receipt of the information, deployed a team of Rapid Response Squad (RRS) to the scene for possible arrest of the suspects. “On approaching the scene, the suspects numbering about five (5) sighted the Police and took to their heels into the bush. Efforts intensified by the operatives led to the arrest of one Aliyu Mohammed. ”Items recovered from him are two Baretta pistols, 40 rounds of 9mm live ammunition, three Airtel Sim packs, one Glo sim pack, one yellow hand band of Axemen Black Axe secret cult group, one military neck chain, one (1) Army leave pass and one (1) Army ID Card belonging to his late brother, one LCPL. Aliyu Abbas died sometime early this year, and six passport photographs taken by the suspect in an Army camouflage uniform. “On searching the scene, another Barreta pistol suspected to have been left behind by the fleeing suspects was found on the ground. “During interrogation, the suspect confessed to being a gun runner who had earlier supplied a Barreta pistol to one Fatai Danjuma and Ademilua Ayodele Hammed at the cost of Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Naira (#250,000:00) in March 2022. “Further efforts intensified by the RRS operatives led to the arrest of Fatai Danjuma in Ado_Ekiti and Ayodele Ademilua Hammed in Ayetoro-Ekiti. The two suspects confessed to being involved in the arms deal and Ademilua Ayodele Hammed claimed to have resold the pistol to one Olajide Samuel at the cost of five hundred thousand naira (#500,000:00). “Concerted effort made by the operatives led to the arrest of Olajide Samuel at Isolo-Opin town in Kwara State and the Barreta pistol in his possession was recovered he said. Also On 04/04/2022 at about 1700hrs, the Command received a distress call from Mathew Street, Ado-Ekiti that a serial burglar was arrested and about to be lynched by a mob. “A team of RRS personnel was deployed to the scene, rescued the suspect and brought him to the station. During interrogation, the suspect confessed that he was trying to burgle a house at Embassy Area, Agric Olope, Ado-Ekiti when he was arrested. “It was discovered that the suspect escaped from lawful custody with Police handcuffs in 2021 after he was detained for an offence of burglary and stealing. He also confessed to being a serial burglar. The suspect’s house was searched and one police handcuff, one Vdigi black television set and foodstuffs suspected to have been stolen were recovered. Similarly, a suspect, Adebayo Adelanke, was also paraded in connection with the robbery incident at Embassy Island Ado Ekiti, On 25/07/2021 where houses were burgled and many valuables carted away including vehicles. According to Abutu, the suspect was indicted then by eleven suspects arrested but has been on the run since then. One of the phones stolen at the scene of the robbery was recovered from him. The PPRO noted that as soon as investigations were concluded, all the suspects arrested would be charged to court. Abutu enjoined all Ekiti State citizens to be security conscious, and vigilant and report any untoward incident or happening observed in their locality to the nearest Police Station or call 08062335577.