Combined troops of the Nigerian Army, Navy, Air Force, Police, the State Security Service and the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Imo have vowed never to leave any stone unturned in bringing to book all criminals including arsonists, murderers, kidnappers as well as oil vandals and those involved in illegal oil bunkering in the state. The Commander, 34 Artillery Brigade of the Nigerian Army, Obinze, Owerri, Brig. Gen. Sani Sulaiman said this in Owerri on Wednesday, during a Show-Of-Force parade by security agencies in the state, led by the Nigerian Army. He said they have concertedly reiterated their resolve to end insecurity in the state within the shortest possible time. Sulaiman said this while addressing the combined troops of the Nigerian Army, Navy, Air Force, Nigerian Police, the State Security Service and the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, who participated in the parade. He assured residents of the state of the agencies’ renewed commitment to end the observance of the illegal sit-at-home order by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and its security arm, the Eastern Security Network (ESN). He added that the Show-Of-Force was meant to reassure law-abiding citizens of the readiness of the security agencies to protect them and maintain law and order in the state. He further said that the agencies were ready to bring all criminals to book especially those who escaped from the Owerri Correctional facility on April 5, 2021. He also advised Imo residents to come out on Mondays and go about their lawful businesses as the safety of lives and property would be guaranteed. “This Show Of Force parade is a demonstration of the existing synergy among all the security agencies, which we believe is key to combating all criminal elements in the state. “We will leave no stone unturned in bringing to book all criminals including arsonists, murderers, kidnappers as well as oil vandals and those involved in illegal oil bunkering in the state. “I advise those involved in illegal oil activities to stay away from Imo or be ready to suffer monumental losses,” he said. Also speaking, the Commander, 211 Quick Response Group of the Nigerian Air Force, Air Commodore Idorenyin Friday Bassey, said that the aim of the show of force was achieved. He called on residents of the state to ignore the illegal sit-at-home order by the “irredentist group who are only terrorists, kidnappers and petty thieves thriving on the claim to be fighting for self determination, in the name of IPOB”. He said that the security agencies remain united and focused in the fight against those terrorising innocent citizens. He also assured the troops of the necessary support that would be required to rid the state of criminals.