Both academic and non-academic staff members of the University of Uyo, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State, have resorted to God for intervention in the lingering industrial action of Nigerian universities occasioned by the Federal Government’s alleged refusal to honour the renegotiated 2009 agreement as well as deploy the University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS). At a covenant service of the university held at Onyema Ugochukwu Auditorium, town campus on Tuesday, the staff prayed to God to touch the heart of the Federal Government so that the strike will not just be called off but the strategic things are done to enhance the education system in Nigeria. The guest speaker, Rev Dr Godwin Amawo, speaking on the theme of the event, “understanding the times” prayed to God to speak to Nigerians who have domestic servants working for them or the government not to deny the workers their wages. He also prayed that God would intervene in the affairs of mankind. The event however saw different staff members who took on the prayer session of saying, “There shall be no more industrial action in all our universities. In this covenant service, may the ASUU strike come to an end. We pray that God will make the federal government and all the agencies responsible do the right thing. May the staff in the Nigerian universities eat the fruit of their labour. “God you still reveal yourself in the dream, may you show up in their(FG) dreams and may they not rest until the right thing is done in our institutions so that the future of our children will be assured.” Praying against the insecurity in the country, the staff said “In this covenant prayer, may You release the whirlwind to blow off insecurity bedevilling Nigeria in Jesus’ Name. Banditry is holding sway, may you release your angel of war to fight the battle for Nigeria.” Earlier, the Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. Nyaudoh Ndaeyo who described the theme of the year’s covenant service as apt noted that the renewal of the covenant which the University had with God since 2002 was in recognition of what He has done for the institution and what He is about to do. Expressing optimism that everything would turn around for good after the service, the vice Chancellor thanked all the staff members who turned up for the occasion despite the industrial action of all unions in the University which could have been an excuse for them to stay back. Also speaking the Registrar, Mr Aniediabasi Udofia, said the essence of renewal of covenant was to serve God diligently in their offices, homes and society and to trust Him forever. “Considering the times that we are in globally, we have heard of war, killings banditry and so many other vices in the society, as people of God what should we do in times like these? We have to understand that things are not where and how they used to be and then we have to run back to God who is our refuge and help in ages past.” Udofia said.