Former Minister of Information and Culture during the dispensation of ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Labaran Maku, has revealed why he went back to the Peoples Democratic Party, a party he once abandoned for the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). He said he returned because the PDP represents a broader platform. “It’s a bigger platform and a national platform. So I’m back, first of all, to continue to serve the party and contribute my quota to the progress and victory of the PDP at all levels. As I returned to this party, Nasarawa State is turning 360 degrees towards the PDP,” he said. Maku, who was at the headquarters of the party in Abuja at the weekend, to submit his nomination and expression of interest forms to contest for the governorship position in Nasarawa State, said his decision to return to the party was already impacting the membership base of the party. “My return to the People’s Democratic Party has given the Nasarawa State Chapter a new lease of life as it gathers momentum to take over the state in the 2023 general elections,” he boasted. Recalling his exploits in the party, he said as a leader of the party between 2011 and 2015, the State House of Assembly boasted 20 members including two Senators at the National Assembly with many members in the House of Representatives. Maku, who briefly acted as Supervising Minister of Defence under the Goodluck Jonathan administration, stressed that the PDP laid the foundation for the development of Nasarawa State, insisting that 99% of the progress recorded in the state since its creation could be attributed to the PDP. He however lamented that since the party left power in 2011, the progressive march of the state has been interrupted due to poor governance and mismanagement of resources. Maku was accompanied to the PDP Secretariat by an elder statesman in Nasarawa State, Senator Isa Aliyu Ndako; Alhaji Kawu Wazirin Keffi; former Federal Commissioner National Population Commission, Alhaji Zakari Kigbu; former two term Chairman of Karu Local Government, Mr. Andrew Bahago; former Chairman of Nasarawa Eggon Local Government, Mr. Clement Anduwa among other party big wigs and supporters.