The Deputy National Chairman (South) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Emma Eneukwu, has declared that the time for any form of factionalization is over in the party. He spoke on Saturday at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu where he was welcomed by thousands of party faithful, led by the Chairman of APC in Enugu State, Chief Ugochukwu Agballah. Eneukwu, who is one of the party leaders elected during the recently conducted APC National Convention, assured that the party would reconcile all its aggrieved members in the South-East. Other leaders who were welcomed alongside Eneukwu included the National Vice Chairman, South-East APC, Chief Ijeomah Arodiogbu, the Zonal Women Leader Uchenna Diyoke, and the Zonal Youth Leader, Nkenna Anyalewechi. He said that the party was ready to take over Enugu and other States in the South-East. “The time is now for us to take over. We have come to give Enugu State a new leadership. We have come to give the South-East new leadership. We have come to give the entire South new leadership. But charity begins at home. We will start it with Enugu State. “We are not going to encourage factions again. We are not going to encourage divisions again in our party. We are one family. APC is one family. Whatever faction you belong to we are the same family. With the emergence of this leadership, everything about faction is dead. “We shall move as a united body so that we can be able to remove those other people. I promise you by the grace of God that by the next election, it shall not be the same again. If you see your State chairman, you will see that he is a vibrant going man. We have come to work, not to superintend over you, but to work and deliver our people. “Enugu shall experience good leadership. I want to tell you, it is going to be a united struggle. This victory is our victory and when we win, it shall be our own. We shall be at the centre and be part of what is going on at the federal level,” he said. Also speaking, the party’s National Zonal Vice Chairman, South-East, Chief Ijeomah Arodiogbu promised to deliver more South-East States to the APC. “The way we are gathered here is a sign that we are ready for victory. We are going to take more States for the APC. I promise the national executive of the party that if we don’t take more States, we have failed. “Let every hand be on deck. The states in the South-East are ours to take. I beg all of you to show committed effort. Anyone that is aggrieved, we are here to make them happy. We will work as a united family to take victory,” he declared.