Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigerian Senate, on Monday, berated a former Deputy Senate leader, Abdul Ahmed Ningi for alleging that the National Assembly was too soft on national issues, a development that makes President Muhammadu Buhari get involved in wrongdoings. A statement by the Senate spokesperson, Ajibola Basiru condemned the remarks by Senator Ningi. 2. The Lagos State Government has reacted to the alleged sexual violence case involving students of Chrisland Schools, which occurred in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE). A statement on Monday said all allegations are being investigated by the relevant Ministries, Departments and Agencies, adding that in the meantime, all Chrisland Schools within Lagos State are hereby closed, pending further investigations 3. The Nigerian Army says its troops of the 34 Artillery Brigade, on Sunday, neutralised a member of the Proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) at Ihioma community, Orlu Local Government Area. This was contained in a release signed by the Director, Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu and made available to newsmen in Owerri on Monday. 4. A notorious bandits’ leader, known as Nasanda, has demanded the sum of N30 million from Zamfara State government for neutralizing his wife, her uncle and her aunt or he would kill 300 persons to avenge the killings. According to reports, the bandits’ leader had already given a 14-day ultimatum to the State government. 5. The National Assembly, led by Senator Ahmed Lawan and Rep Femi Gbajabiamila, has come under scrutiny over their refusal to impeach President Muhammadu Buhari despite his failure to protect the lives and property of Nigerians. Human Rights Writers of Nigeria, HURIWA, on Monday, also backed the Catholic Bishop of the Diocese of Sokoto, Matthew Kukah, who again, spoke his mind and those of most Nigerians concerning the Buhari-led administration. 6. The Oyo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has confirmed that one of the gubernatorial candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Engineer Joseph Tegbe has joined the PDP. Secretary of the Party, Alhaji Wasiu Adeleke made this disclosure while speaking during an exclusive interview with DAILY POST in Ibadan, the State capital. 7. One person has been reported dead, with many houses burnt down in Ophori-Olomu Community, Ughelli South Local Government Area of Delta State. The Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Bright Edafe confirmed the report in a telephone chat on Monday. 8. Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has urged Nigerians to pray earnestly not to have a leader like President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. Giwa, in his Easter message titled, “Christ’s Resurrection, A Source of Hope for Believers”, specifically advised Nigerians not to fall into the hands of selfish politicians again. 9. The Chinese government Embassy has denied backing the 2023 Presidential ambition of Rotimi Amaechi, the Minister of Transportation. The government, through its Embassy in Abuja, described reports claiming it backed Amaechi’s presidential ambition as fake news. 10. Liverpool boss, Jurgen Klopp, has said his team will make sure Manchester United don’t qualify for next season’s Champions League with their points when both teams clash in a Premier League tie on Tuesday. Klopp said this during his pre-match press conference ahead of Liverpool’s Premier League tie with Man United at Anfield on Tuesday night.