The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led administration of suppressing religious leaders with the sacked of the Chief Imam of Apo Legislative Quarters, Sheikh Muhammad Nuru Khalid for criticising President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. PDP also lambasted the inability of the APC led administration to decisively defend Nigerians from terrorists, saying its action against Sheikh Nuru Khalid signals a dangerous trend of fascism in the country. The party in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, Monday cautioned the APC to note that suppressing the concerns of citizens and resorting to fascist measures where constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression is being brazenly assaulted is capable of triggering widespread social restiveness. “This APC’s recourse to an onslaught on the voice of citizens as witnessed in the clampdown on religious leaders, the opposition, the civil society and the media indicates an unacceptable descent to tyranny and imposition of a siege mentality to suppress dissenting voices in the face of APC’s manifesto failure,” it added. It further stated: It is often said that when propaganda, falsehood and lies have been promoted, elevated and institutionalized by a government (like the APC has done) every truth by the citizens is viewed as a rebellion, which the government feels obliged to crush by all means. “This is the character of fascism which is gradually and steadily creeping into our country under the APC and now deoxygenating our citizen’s exercise of their freedom of expression as guaranteed under the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended). “The clampdown on Sheikh Khalid is reminiscent of the days of the obnoxious Military Decree 4 of 1984, under General Muhammadu Buhari, as Head of State, when telling the truth was categorized as a crime. Those days are scaringly creeping back”! PDP explained that Sheikh Khalid, in his sermon, clearly expressed the frustration and concerns of millions of Nigerians across the country irrespective of religious, ethnic and political leanings. It queried whether Sheikh Khalid stated the facts when he said that “everything is not working well. People are dying; our roads are not secured. Most of the part of the country is not secured”.., that the APC is more concerned with 2023 elections than the welfare and security of Nigerians? The major opposition party said Nigerians expect the APC administration is to shed its arrogance in failure and reassure the people by taking decisive action against terrorism and worsening insecurity in the country. It reminded the APC that Nigeria is a democracy and that this country belongs to all Nigerians; that Nigerians are not a conquered people who have no voice or aspiration.