A former gubernatorial aspirant on the platform of African Democratic Congress (ADC) in Oyo State, Engineer Remi Oseni, and former Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) youths leader in the state, Adekola Adeoye have dumped their respective political parties to join All Progressives Congress (APC). DAILY POST reports that a former Chairman of Akinyele Local Government Area, Hon. Yemi Aderibigbe; and his counterpart from Ibadan North Local Government Area, Hon. Ademola Omotoso; have also dumped their respective political parties and joined APC. The political gladiators announced their defection to APC during a programme organised by the Oyo State chapter of the party to welcome new members on Saturday. The programme, which was held at the APC state secretariat in Ibadan, was witnessed by Senator representing Oyo Central District, Teslim Folarin; state chairman of the party, Mr. Isaac Omodewu; Barrister Lowo Obisesan, Hon. Adigun Abiodun and Alhaji Majeed Olaoya among others.   Others who moved to APC during the programme included former state chairman of PDP, Chief Michael Adegbite; and former secretary of PDP in the state, Hon. Wasiu Emiola. The rest are Hon. Akeem Okedina, Hon. Soji Olaojo, Sir Adigun Olawuwo, Hon. Hussein Akinlabi, Alhaji Surakat Busari and Hon Femi Ajayi Oye. The defectors said they and their supporters joined APC to wrestle power from the ruling PDP in the state. Folarin, while speaking at the programme, assured the new members that all members would be given equal opportunity in the party. He explained that the defection of political gladiators in the state to APC is an indication that it was ready to reclaim the state in 2023. “We have to tell you that in APC today, you have equal right. All members are given equal opportunity whether you are a new or old member. “We have to tell them, they have equal right with others. More people are coming to APC. It is an indication that the APC is the party to win the state in 2023. “The people that joined us are not ordinary people. They are not the people we brought out from the internet. Yes. We are happy. It is a good thing. “We have seen it. These people that joined us will guarantee our victory in 2023,” he said.