As reactions continue to trail Vice President Yemi Osinbajo’s 2023 presidential declaration on Monday, the National Chairman of the African Democratic Congress (ADC), Mr. Ralphs Nwosu, warned Nigerians not to be deceived by the declaration. Nwosu who acknowledged the constitutional right of Osinbajo to make the declaration in a statement in Abuja, however, urged Nigerians to regard the action as a huge joke. He described Osinbajo’s declaration as an insult to Nigerians seeing that President Muhammdu Buhari’s administration which he has been an integral part of has failed woefully to deliver on all its promises. He said neither Osinbajo nor the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential aspirants have anything new to contribute to alleviating the suffering of the masses which they have aggravated in the last seven years. “Osinbajo is Buhari and Buhari is Osinbajo. Osinbajo cannot promise to achieve what Buhari failed to achieve in the last seven years and expect Nigerians to take him seriously,” he declared. He urged Nigerians not to again place their trust in the APC and any of its aspirants, saying the ADC is poised to offer the much needed transformational leadership through young and dynamic candidates at all levels during the 2023 general elections. “Osinbajo and Buhari have failed the litmus test of leadership. An Osinbajo presidency will be worse than the present administration of Buhari as VP would remain the voice of Jacob and Buhari the hand of Esau if elected by Nigerians. “Which policy initiated by Buhari and Osinbajo has benefitted Nigerians? Today, terrorists have dismembered key states and local governments from the country under the watch of Buhari/Osinbajo. “Yet Osinbajo promises to restore security and grow the economy! Nigerians will be going back to Egypt should they elect Osinbajo who has cooperated with a president that has ruined the nation’s economy through knee-jerk policies. “Nigeria has been rated the poverty capital of the world, is that what Osinbajo wants to continue? The price of fuel, electricity tariffs, transport fares and cost of food items are beyond the reach of average Nigerians. Yet Osinbajo wants to continue. God forbid,” Nwosu said. He urged Osinbajo to complete his Vice Presidential tenure and retire quietly to Ikenne in Ogun State. The ADC is ready to offer the kind of leadership that has eluded the country in the last seven years.