Following the sudden death of a popular Nigerian gospel singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu, it has been revealed that the artist died of domestic violence. DAILY POST had reported that Osinachi was pronounced dead on Friday night in an undisclosed hospital in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. Earlier reports claimed that she died of cancer, but the social media has been flooded with different versions of how the singer suffered domestic violence with her husband prior to her death. A source close to the deceased’s family, who spoke to DAILY POST on condition of anonymity, confirmed that Osinachi was a victim of domestic violence, describing her marriage as hell on earth. According to her, “it is painful that despite my advice, this good woman who is obviously a gift to the world, chose to die in that marriage. Everyone that knows her is aware that she has been going through deep pains. “Behind that smile you always see on the altar when she is ministering and in her videos, were deep sorrows due to this marriage. As a music minister, she was scared of what the world would say and she kept trusting God until her death. “I told her to leave this marriage but she believed all will be well. The husband never supported her music career, she strived and with the help of God and her pastor, she became known everywhere. This should serve as a warning signal to all other women going through hell and refusing to open up.” She revealed that Osinachi, whose worship music had impacted lives across the continent and beyond, died on a live support after the last fight with her husband. “The husband is nothing but a beast. He kept abusing this woman every time. When you don’t see her (Osinachi) in church, just know that something must have gone wrong. The last beating was a kick on her chest which landed her in the hospital. She was on life support for five days before she finally died,” she revealed. The source also told DAILY POST that following outrages on the social media, the deceased’s husband, Peter Nwachukwu has been arrested by the FCT police command. She called for justice for the deceased, saying all Nigerian women should team up and ensure that the singer gets justice. According to her, the suspect should be made to face the full wrath of the law, calling on the Federal Government to quickly and without hesitation move to tackle domestic violence, which according to her, is becoming a trend in the country. When DAILY POST contacted the FCT police command on Sunday night, the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Josephine Adeh confirmed the arrest, saying the suspect is currently in their custody. She said, “The man, Peter Nwachukwu is currently in our custody. A family member of the deceased lodged a report for culpable homicide at Lugbe police station. “Following the complaint, we arrested the suspect and the investigation is currently ongoing. We will make findings public.”