Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has advised Muslims across the country to use the period of the Ramadan fast to seek forgiveness from God. Makinde who spoke on Saturday explained that this is necessary in order to tackle the menace of insurgency across the country. DAILY POST recalls that Muslims across the globe on Saturday commenced the one month Ramadan fast. Fasting during the month of Ramadan is the fourth pillar of Islam. The one month fast is preceded by the Eld-Fitri festival celebrated to mark the end of the fasting period. Makinde has however enjoined Muslims to use the period to seek forgiveness from God. The governor acknowledged that insurgency is one of the problems affecting the survival of the country. He however admonished Muslims to tune their minds to the messages of love, brotherliness and peaceful co-existence inherent in the messages of the Holy Prophet Muhammad (SAW). He said that Muslims must embrace the piety demanded of them during Ramadan and ask Allah to put an end to the insurgency which has been ravaging our Country. Makinde in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Taiwo Adisa, urged Muslims to pray relentlessly during the fasting period. Adisa in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday specifically asked Muslims to beseech the Almighty Allah to show mercy on Nigerians at this time. He said, “I am happy to see that Muslims in the state and across Nigeria are able to join their counterparts across the world to observe this year’s Ramadan fast. “It is a thing of joy to note that our Muslim brothers would be able to gather for Tafsir, Iftar, and Tarawih prayers, unlike in the recent past when they were prevented by certain restrictions as a result of global health concerns. “I enjoin you to use the opportunity of this month of blessings to seek Allah’s forgiveness to make insurgency a thing of the past in our country. “As our Muslim brothers and sisters are expected to adhere strictly to abstinence from food and other things during the month of Ramadan, I wish to enjoin them to extend their hands of fellowship to other Muslims and non-Muslims alike.”