An Ibadan chief, Oloye Taofeek Adegboyega Adegoke, has advised Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State to, without wasting more time, involve traditional chiefs and rulers in the process of tackling the menace of hooliganism and thuggery in the state. Adegoke made this disclosure shortly after his promotion from the Bada Balogun of Ibadanland to Aare Onibon Balogun of Ibadanland. Our correspondent reports that Adegoke and some Ibadan chiefs were on Friday promoted by the Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Lekan Balogun. Oba Lekan Balogun ascended the throne on March 11th 2022. Adegoke said that the menace of hooliganism and thuggery in Ibadan and Oyo state in general was disturbing. He, however, advised Makinde to involve traditional chiefs and traditional rulers in order to tackle the menace.  While addressing journalists, he explained that traditional rulers are closer to the people, even than the local government chairmen. He said that it is very hard to see anyone who will not recognise their monarch, but they may not even know their local government chairman. Adegoke added that for this reason, the governor should involve traditional chiefs and traditional rulers if he is ready to tackle the menace of hooliganism and thuggery in the state. He added that government should make traditional rulers more responsible constitutionally to their domain, so as to reduce social vices to the barest minimum. “Due to incessant clash among warring groups and civil disturbance in Ibadan metropolis, there is the need for the government to involve traditional institutions in governance. “They are closer to the people. It is high time for the government to take security issues more seriously by delegating constitutional roles to traditional rulers. “This would afford them to have first hands information on security issues in their various communities and as such, they would know how to address any security challenge that may arise from their domains. “To reduce insecurity to the barest minimal there should be responsibility for traditional rulers across the board, which should be spelt out constitutionally. “Government on its part should make traditional rulers more responsible constitutionally to their domain, in order to reduce social vices to the barest minimum. “Traditional rulers are closer to the people than local government chairmen. It is very hard to see anyone who will not recognise their monarch but they may not even know their local government chairman. “Therefore, for democracy to thrive, there is the need for the involvement of traditional rulers in governance particularly in the area of security,” he said.