The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP Imo State has called on President Mohammed Buhari to note and order an immediate investigation of Governor Hope Uzodinma’s latest outbursts and threats against innocent citizens of Imo State and do the needful. The opposition party said it strongly views as shocking, desperate and condemnable, the statement credited to Governor Uzodinma in his Easter message, where he wondered why bandits, killers, arsonists, terrorists and militants have not been attacking and wiping out opposition figures in Imo. PDP made the call on Wednesday in a release made available to newsmen in Owerri, Imo State. Recall that Governor Uzodimma in his Easter message had said personal property of opposition politicians were hardly affected by the menace in the state, an indication that politicians could not be exonerated from the killings and wanton destruction of property. PDP while reacting said Governor Uzodinma’s open call betrays his mindless, unconscionable intolerance and disdain for the opposition’s constructive criticisms. The party said by that reckless statement, Uzodinma confirms reports that his government has hatched wicked plots to commence systematic elimination of perceived political opponents, especially those who disagree with him. The release reads,” Embattled Governor Uzodinma only, engages in cheap lies and propaganda, buck-passing as his own solution to a situation that consumes hundreds of innocent lives, which he has the responsibility to tackle. “PDP also notes with dismay the inexcusable failure of the APC-led administration of Governor Hope Uzodinma to address the festering insecurity in the state. This situation gets worse and the carnage only increases. In the last few days, Orlu LGA and its environs have been on fire, with gory images and videos of killings and arson dominating the cyberspace. “While commiserating with all those who have been affected by these killings, maiming and arson in Imo State, we task security agencies on professionalism and enjoin citizens to be prayerful and vigilant at this avoidable, very trying period. “Our party, feels the pulse of the people and the polity. The pathetic Imo situation, no gainsaying, is far from the vision of our founding fathers and that of our party. “