A group, Campaign for Democratic and Workers Rights (CDWR), has called on the security agencies to prove the cause of death of a casual worker in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The group also called for due compensation for the family of the deceased. DAILY POST gathered that Mr Nurudeen Abdusalam, who works as a casual worker at Premier Feedmil located at Toll Gate area, along Lagos-Ibadan expressway, died last Tuesday while on a night shift in the company. Our correspondent learnt that Abdusalam was a casual worker recruited as an operator of a forklift in the raw materials department of the company. The deceased, according to available information, was reportedly crushed by the same forklift truck in the course of its operation while on night shift, in the early hours of Tuesday. CDWR has however demanded a probe into the death of the deceased. The organisation while demanding a probe into the death of the deceased, also demanded adequate compensation for the family of the deceased. CDWR Coordinator in Oyo State, Comrade Abiodun Bamigboye, who confirmed the death of the deceased, also called on the state leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and Trade Union Congress (TUC) to commence a campaign against casualisation and poor working conditions across workplaces in the state. Bamigboye, in a statement made available to DAILY POST, alleged that the working conditions of contract workers in the company are poor as they earn between N800 and N925 daily. He called on the leadership of NLC and TUC to come up with a holistic programme of action to commence a serious campaign against casualisation and other indecent labour practices in private companies across the state. Bamigboye said, “We demand adequate compensation for the family and call on the state leadership of NLC and TUC to commence a campaign against casualisation and poor working conditions across workplaces in the state. “CDWR, Oyo State Chapter decries the tragic death of one Mr Nurudeen Abdusalam, at Premier Feedmil, a subsidiary of Eagle Flourmill located at Toll Gate area, along Lagos-Ibadan expressway, Ibadan, Oyo State. We equally express our condolences to the family of the diseased and demand adequate compensation for them. “The late Nurudeen Abdusalam, popularly called Alfa in the company, was a casual worker recruited and used by the company as an operator of a forklift machine, in the raw materials department and was reportedly crushed by the same forklift truck in the course of its operation while on night shift, an early hour on Tuesday, 19th of April, 2022. “The working conditions of the outsourcing/contract workers in Premier feedmil are so poor as they earn between N800 and N925 daily. In clear violation of section 13(3) of the Labour Act; the contract workers are often forced to work on a daily basis between 9 and 12 hours without adequate working and safety gadgets while the workloads are regularly increased in what is termed as “Firing” without additional pay. “More importantly, the death of Nurudeen is an urgent call on the Oyo State’s leadership of NLC and TUC to come up with a holistic programme of action to commence a serious campaign against casualisation and other indecent labour practices in private companies across the state”. But, the manager of the outsourcing company that recruited the deceased for the company where he died, Mr. Michael Ejeh when contacted, said that he cannot discuss the matter over the phone. Ejeh, who did not deny the incident during a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Sunday, said that he can only talk when he sees the reporter in his office. He insisted that he cannot speak on the matter unless the reporter comes to his office, despite the fact that the reporter’s introduction. Ejeh, during the telephone conversation, said, “I cannot talk about that matter over the phone. Maybe we have to see in my office. “Probably you have to come to my office and then we talk”.