Former Managing Director of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and member, Board of Trustees of Peoples Democratic Party, Chief Onyema Ugochukwu, has expressed worries that the ruling party in Abia is heading towards an avoidable crisis. He said this is imminent should the state leadership of the party fail to address controversies that emanated over the recent zoning of its governorship seat to Abia North and Abia central senatorial districts ahead of the forthcoming general elections in 2023. DAILY POST reported that the Abia State chapter of the PDP had in March, announced its position on the zoning of the gubernatorial ticket ahead of the party’s primaries and main general elections in 2023. A communique dated and signed by the Abia chairman of the party, Rt. Hon Allwell Asiforo Okere, and issued to newsmen in Umuahia, on Saturday, the State PDP leadership, zoned the governorship seat to Abia North and Abia central Senatorial districts. The Abia PDP revealed that it arrived at the decision after wide consultation with leaders, critical stakeholders, teeming members and supporters and the recently concluded tour by the PDP leadership across the seventeen local government areas in Abia state. However, Onyema Ugochukwu, while reacting in a statement issued to newsmen in Umuahia, the state capital on Tuesday, harped on the need for urgent action by the critical PDP stakeholders and members to return the party to its normal democratic ways. He regretted that the state leadership of the party has been engulfed in numerous controversies, for the last few weeks, all of which are now threatening to throw the party into confusion and potential disaster. Ugochukwu, who also recalled how similar crisis over the zoning of the governorship ticket of the PDP had pitted party members in inter-ethnic vituperations, and which as well, polarized the party, with members exchanging brickbats across the widening ethical fault lines, regretted that the current party executive committee in Abia had taken decision on zoning without engagement of the statutory organs of the party, making it for all intents and purposes, an imposition. According to him, “In the midst of all this, there are reports that a chairman has been appointed for the PDP State Elders Committee, outside a meeting of that organ of the party, which amounts to a breach of party constitution. And then there are stories, so far unconfirmed, that a governorship candidate has been anointed for the party.” Ugochukwu, therefore, called on the Abia chairman of the People’s Democratic Party, Rt. Hon Asiforo Okere to take urgent action to call the party back from the brink, a meeting of the Abia State PDP caucus to discuss these aberrations. He also urged members of the party in the state to remain calm and not exacerbate matters with inflammatory comments. “It is my belief that our party can always resolve its problems without imperiling our dear party”, the PDP chieftain added.