FCT Commissioner of Police, Mr Sunday Babaji has confirmed that the three missing children from a school at the Galadimawa-Kabusa axis in Abuja have been reunited with their parents. He said the three children were found on Sunday, adding that they were rescued by a tactical patrol team who saw them wandering around the Games Village area in Abuja and looking distressed. CP Babaji said the rescue of the children was facilitated by the red alert signal issued by the command in respect of the missing children to all police formations in the FCT and tactical deployments made regarding the location and rescue of the children. “When we received the complaint about the missing children about two weeks ago, we made an entry of missing persons and immediately swung into action by putting all our men and assets at alert. He said that they deployed all their intelligence assets and informed all their neighbouring states through the signal, describing what the children looked like, from what the family told them and the pictures. The Commissioner of Police said his men worked with all the community leaders, vigilantes and hunters and also searched the bushes, saying that the school authorities were also invited to the police station for questioning over negligence. He said on Sunday at about 8.30 pm, men of the tactical team on a stop-and-search patrol at Wuye division, which is the Games Village area, saw the three children distressed. He explained that the police rescued them, took them to the station and handed them over to a female police officer, who questioned them. He added that the DPO who was aware of the missing children at Kabusa, quickly contacted his fellow DPO at Kabusa who rushed down to Wuye Division and it was discovered that the children were the ones missing. He said after they were rescued, they took them to the Muhammadu Buhari Police Hospital for medical check-ups, saying that they were found okay and a psychological check on the children is scheduled for Tuesday.