If we can imagine a world without entertainment — music, dance, poetry, magic, comedy etc, such a world would be boring and uninteresting. Most talent hunts in Nigeria’s past were focused on particular talents. De9jaspirit Talent Hunt brings us to a whole new dimension of talent hunt and entertainment known in very few locations of the world and the first of its kind in Africa. If we must be precise with words, it will be honest to state that there exist an entertainment revolution in Nigeria, that revolution is De9jaspirit Talent Hunt. The 20th and 21st century have seen the rise of the entertainment industry and the appreciation that have come with it. Entertainment have surged from being a mere market square display with little benefits vis à vis a very limited number of people getting to know the entertainer. Today, with De9jaspirit Talent Hunt, a contestant can be known from every corner of the globe, have endorsement deals and be called around to perform on a variety of platforms. This is due to De9jaspirit Talent Hunt’s capitalization of the mass media. Talent displays on the platform of De9jaspirit Talent Hunt covers a wide margin if not a limitless manifestation of talents ranging from contortion, dance, comedy, spray painting, poetry, singing, breakdancing, ball dance and many others which made up the experience of De9jaspirit Talent Hunt, Season 1. The entire scene was beautiful and refined. From apex to apex, DTH steadily taking over the waves of the Nigerian and African space. It does not exist as an end in itself but as a means toward highlighting the wealthy plethora of talents existing in Nigeria. The wide variety of talents deposited in the show beautifies its nature and gives it a beautiful entity. De9jaspirit Talent Hunt is the first talent hunt ever to have attracted such wide and heterogeneous popularity. Like a bomb, its explosion massively incurred thousands of registrations and participations exclusive of the uncountable online streamers from far and near. Thousands of participants in the show testified of De9jaspirit Talent Hunt Season 1 as a whole new dimension of entertainment in this epoch. The 7dayslive show which was held in the City of Calabar, Cultural Center ended in loud cheers and tumultuous vis à vis ecstatic shouts. There may be many who may have thought that De9jaspirit Talent Hunt would come and go like other budding shows, in the end, a lot of people noticed that De9jaspirit Talent Hunt is not in for a joke. This is an event which in its Season 1 had the likes of Ini Edo, Dr. Sid and IK Ogbonna as judges coupled with Mrs Stephanie Coker as host.  Countless times, we have experienced talent hunts or shows coming to the center stage and flickering out only after a short while. But De9jaspirit Talent Hunt has come to stay? The question has been answered already.  The show is expanding its horizons from a simple 7 days live show to a 3 months live event and from according its first prize winner a 10 million cash prize to a 7 million cash prize in addition to a +5 days trip to Dubai and Kenya. Actions are the biggest answers to any question. This is exactly why DTH is moving from apex to apex and from pinnacle to pinnacle.  With DTH it is a new dawn of possibilities for Nigeria and her wealth of talented and creative youths. This show is bound to go very far as its future aims towards a colossal recognition. It serves as a ground where people can get to appreciate the creative resource of their nation and appraise their status in a much higher significance. If by any means you missed the Season 1 of De9jaspirit Talent Hunt, it is tantamount that you make the season 2 your topmost priority. The movement from apex to apex has just begun and by all standards, De9jaspirit Talent Hunt is a welcome development. DE9JASPIRIT TALENT HUNT – EXPRESSING THE TRUE 9JA SPIRIT