The leadership of the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, on Thursday, cautioned Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu and a few other politicians in the southeast region for allegedly working against the pursuit of Igbo Presidency. The group threatened that they will not take it lightly with anyone who tends to betray the collective efforts of Igbo leaders in achieving the goal of a president of Igbo extraction in 2023. The leadership of MASSOB made this known in a statement signed by its National Director of Information, Edeson Samuel and made available to journalists in Abakaliki, Ebonyi State. MASSOB, however, condemned in totality the support given to the presidential aspiration of Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State by some Igbo governors. The group expressed dissatisfaction over the activities of Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu in giving support to the Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, urging him to retrace his steps. The group said, “It is very disappointing and unpatriotic that some Igbo political leaders whom Ndigbo gave the mandate to represent Igbo interest will work against the Igbo agenda to clinch the president of Nigeria. “How could some of our political leaders support a man who openly denied his Igboness, a man whose pathological hatred against Ndigbo is overwhelmingly seen? “MASSOB warned Igbo leaders to stop their selfish actions that are capable of distorting the overall interest of the southeast region because MASSOB will never tolerate such political selfishness now. “Governor Nyesom Wike is not interested in aspiring for the presidency, he is an errand boy to his master, Governor Tambuwal of Sokoto State, our Igbo political leaders should know that Nyesom Wike is deceiving them. 2023 is the turn of the southeast to produce the next president of Nigeria. “These South-East governor’s played the same game in the 2019 general election with General Muhammadu Buhari and the APC ruling government, which they promised Buhari 25% of our vote because of their selfish interest. “Our intelligence report has revealed that the Governor of Abia State is in agreement with Nyesom Wike, because of the crisis of who should control the state structures and the list of the party delegates that will be submitted to the party national secretariat in Abuja for the incoming primaries. “MASSOB is making it clear that any governor or national Assembly members from Igbo land found working against any presidential aspirants from South East, shall be treated as saboteurs and a betrayer of his own brother. “We can never forgive any Igbo leader that betrays our collective interest in 2023, irrespective of his position, we shall mark them” they stated.