For not fulfilling his bail conditions, the suspended anti-corruption Boss in Kano State, Muhyi Magaji Rimin Gado, has been taken into custody. Justice Aminu Gabari had granted bail to Gado the suspended who was arrested yesterday in Abuja for failing to respond to Police invitations but he could not immediately meet the bail conditions. The bail conditions according to the Presiding Judge of the Chief Magistrate court include presenting Muhyi’s biological Father and mother or otherwise, with three years of task clearance, a Chief Imam and N500,000. This is even as the current Chairman of the Kano Public Complaints and Anti Corruption Commission (PCAC), Mahmud Balarabe, said Muhyi, was arrested following an investigation of criminal allegations brought against him by the police command in the state. He spoke to newsmen in his office on Friday saying that his case is with the police to avoid any form of compromise or allegation of him being witch haunted. He explained that the suspended chairman was investigated by the State House of Assembly on allegations of forging his health certificate, for which a First Information Report has been presented before a court of law. Balarabe also said there are petitions against the former chairman alleging corruption, including the issue of land grabbing at Yahaya Gusau, a recovered land belonging to heirs located at Farawa where N8 million was recovered but only N3 million was given to the owners among others. “You are all aware that the suspended chairmen of the Kano State Public Complaints and Anti Corruption Commission in the person of Barr Muhyi Magaji Rimin Gado was arrested yesterday in Abuja. “This is in connection with a series of allegations against him. That is why we feel there is a need to brief the public concerning the development. “So many things have happened during his reign that led to his suspension. There were lots of complaints and lots of petitions against him. Some of the cases have been investigated while others are under investigation. In fact, one of the investigations has already been concluded and an FIR is already pending in court. “We want to dismiss any idea of him being witch-hunted, that is why the case is before the state police command, they will conduct the investigation, prepare the FIR and present it before the court” he stated.