Nigerians have queried the Lagos State government over the reopening of Chrisland schools barely a week after it was shut down. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu ordered that Chrisland school be shut on April 18, after controversies following a video of a female student involved in sexual activity with male students in Dubai. However, the Lagos State Commissioner of Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, in a statement, explained that the reopening of Chrislqnd was to ensure that other students were not denied access to learning while an investigation into the issue continued.https://dailypost.ng/2022/04/23/sex-video-sanwo-olu-orders-reopening-of-chrisland-schools-in-lagos/ The decision has stirred conversations online, as some Nigerians wondered why the Chrisland school was shut in the first place. However, some applauded the government for reopening the school. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST: @FisayoSoyumbo “Closing Chrisland Schools, what exactly was it meant to achieve in the first place? @AyomideTosin “So, what’s the outcome of the investigation? @Alliguzon “Well, the school should not be expected to be closed for ever, I am just wondering if any disciplinary action was taken before the reopening.” @Themaineltee “It’s quite easy for everyone to cast aspersions on Chrisland schools, purposely forgetting other schools exist where kids have erred similarly.It is not a problem of school, it is a problem of inadequate home training! One thing is to speak to your kids.” @Geoffreydpr “To me Sanwo ordering opening school in short a time is sending a strong message to Nigerians , this is the second incident he is opening school in short time, investigation need to be concluded and guilty charged to court from opening school.” @KesterDave “So that is it this country will not stop making me laugh no report of the investigation if at all all is to suspend the girl and reopen the school this is clear money have exchange hands @Omenaipearls “Charity they say begins at home, fine! But then, schools have a great role to play in the life of their students too. Chrisland School cannot be exonerated. Acts may be learnt at home but they are perfected in Schools. Stop indulging brats. Set rules and follow them strictly.” @Stanleyonuajah “Government is reopening Chrisland Schools in Lagos. If you don’t train your children from home, school can’t do magic.” @Dammygtnet “It was a wrong step ab initio. No need to shut it down at all.I repeat, giving a kid a smartphone is an invitation to societal vices.” @Bankymoon “Sentiment will make people not to see that the fault the school had was that they didn’t inform the family of the girl on time. But people wanna blame the school because the girl and the boys learnt about s*x or blame them for falling asleep at midnight.”