The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu, has said he would commence the probe of the secretariat and Directors of the party after the Transition Committee submits its report next Wednesday. Adamu dropped the hint on Friday in Abuja after the members of the NWC received their certificates of return from the national convention Electoral Committee led by Jigawa State governor, Abubakar Badaru. The chairman insisted that the party cannot continue the way things were, adding that his administration would have zero tolerance for failure. The chairman noted that the leadership of the party needs the support of the Progressive Governors Forum (PGF). He said the party leadership would interface with the PGF through its chairman and the Governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu. Adamu stated: “As for those of you who just received your certificate just like me, members of the working committee, I’ve told you during our first meeting of the committee, I am a team player. I want to carry everybody along with me. But to work with me, you have to be loyal. It is not loyalty to me, but loyalty to the party. You have to recognise the authority of the party in all that we do. And the interest of the party is paramount. “You are lucky you are around because we had agreed by Wednesday we are having our next meeting because we wanted the committee to give us a report. We want to know where the party is exactly so that we don’t get taken by the exuberance of winning an election and just plunge into the pond pool or not know how deep or the temperature of the water.” “As for you, the director of admin, you have no hiding place. We will count on your loyalty to the party. It is in God’s pleasure that we are here at the helm of affairs of this party. We’ve come with a very open mind but you have to reciprocate in the same spirit. We will definitely by the will of God Almighty, the Secretariat, we need to look at you but am not saying anything today until the transition committee submits its report.” Adamu revealed that President Muhammadu Buhari has given the National Working Committee (NWC) a marching order to deliver the 2023 general elections. He noted that there would be no excuses whatsoever, saying all hands must be on deck to deliver on the President’s mandate. Adamu added, “On the elections, we cannot move the way we are to the election. We have a marching order from the leader of this party, President Muhammadu Buhari, we will have to deliver. There will be no excuses whatsoever and will need everybody’s hands on deck for this to happen.”