Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The National Assembly Mosque, Zone E, Apo Legislators’ Quarters, Gudu District, Abuja, yesterday, terminated the appointment of Imam Nuru Khalid. Nuru Khalid had on Friday last week, in Abuja, during a sermon, flayed the government over its failure to tame the escalating insecurity and killings in the country. 2. Former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has declared his intention to represent the Edo North Senatorial district at the Senate. Oshiomhole made the declaration during his 70th birthday at his country home in Iyamho, Etsako West Local Government of Edo State. 3. Bandits have raided some houses at Anguwar Maji, in Jere town, along the Abuja-Kaduna highway and abducted 22 villagers. This happened barely 24 hours after the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Usman Alkali Baba, visited the highway. 4. The Federal Government has ordered telecommunications operators to immediately bar all outgoing calls of all Subscriber Identification Module cards that have not been linked with the National Identification Number (NIN). The telecommunications operators include MTN, Globacom, Airtel, and 9mobile. 5. Former Chief Imam of the National Assembly Legislative Quarters Mosque, Sheikh Muhammad Nuru Khalid, says the termination of his appointment was a price he paid for Nigerians who have no voice. Sheikh, who spoke in an interview yesterday, said he has been given a fresh appointment in a new Jum’mat Mosque, behind the Central Bank Nigeria, CBN Quarters, Abuja. 6. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has told the Federal Government that it cannot fight ongoing worsening insecurity in the country so long as it continues to “keep students at home. ASUU President, Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke stated this on Monday. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari, Monday, joined the Muslim faithful at the State House Mosque to mark the commencement of the Ramadan Tafsir, the interpretation and explanation of the Qur’an. 8. Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has pledged to restore the visions of the late Moshood Abiola (MKO), which is bringing hope to Nigerians and bridging all gaps for a prosperous country. Bello said this while speaking with newsmen in Abuja following his official declaration to contest for President in 2023, at the Eagle Square, Abuja on April 2. 9. Two million people will start receiving about N20bn from June this year as basic cash transfers and conditional cash transfers under the National Cash Transfer Programme, the Federal Government has said. 10. Three siblings declared missing from a school in Abuja have been found two weeks after their disappearance. It was earlier reported that their mother, Joy Ani, had gone to pick them up from their school, Star Heritage Academy, located around the ECWA One area of Kabusa, but they were nowhere to be found.