Ahead of the primary elections of the Peoples Democratic Party, the member representing Orlu/Oru East/ Orsu federal constituency of Imo State at the House of Representatives, Hon. Jerry Alagboso, has called on the state party chairman, Engr. Charles Ugwu, to ensure that all aspirants are given a level-playing ground at the elections. While urging the party to remain neutral in coordinating the primaries, the reps member said, “My only advice for the party is for the leadership to provide a level playing ground for all aspirants bearing in mind those who will win the general election.” Alagboso stated this at the PDP Secretariat Owerri while declaring his intention to contest for the 2023 Orlu Senatorial seat to the PDP State Working Committee (SWC). He said, “I’m also here to inform the party formally that i want to be the flag bearer of PDP for Orlu senate.” While expressing concern over rumours of various delegates lists making the rounds in the state, Alagboso advocated that the three-man statutory delegates or list from all wards for the party primaries should go through the state party chairman to avoid litigations from party members who may feel cheated in the process in order for the party not be called names. He lauded the leadership style of Chief Charles Ugwu in piloting the affairs of the party ever since his emergence as the state party chairman. He opined that electorates in the country will vote for individuals rather than political parties in the forthcoming general election. The Senatorial aspirant expressed gratitude to Rt Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, former Governor of Imo State and Senator SamDaddy Anyanwu, PDP National Secretary for restoring peace in Imo PDP. Ugwu in his opening remarks described Rt. Hon. Jerry Alagbaoso as a stalwart of the People’s Democratic Party in the state and in Nigeria who has contributed immensely to the growth and development of the party. Engr. Ugwu urged the Senatorial aspirant to continue to do more for the upliftment of the party especially as it regards the 2023 general election. He also called on him not to be deterred by the waves of insecurity prevailing in his area to enable the party to achieve victory in the coming general election. Reacting to Alagbos’s comment on behalf of the State Working Committee of PDP, Nze Ray Emeagha, the state secretary of the party in the state assured Rt. Hon. Jerry Alagbaoso that PDP in the state will provide a level playing ground for all aspirants. He said without fear or favour, I also wish to use the platform to read out the code of conduct for electing party delegates ahead of the party primary election coming up soon.