Some irritate youths have taken over the Affor- Ntueke road in Ideato-South Local Government Area of Imo State to protest against the shooting of a young man identified as Emeka Dike allegedly by a police DPO. The youths are demanding justice for Dike, an only son and a father of four who was reportedly shot at a popular joint called Emma Ocha’s beer parlour in Uruala community, Ideato-North, Imo State. The youths said, the victim was rushed to the hospital after he was allegedly shot in his shoulder by Chris Ikemere, the DPO of the Ideato-North division, also an Indegene of Isiekenesi in the Ideato-South council area. Mr.Ifeanyi Obiekwe, the Central Youth President of Ntueke who spoke on behalf of the aggrieved protesters said Dike, a man in his forties was shot on Wednesday, April 20, around 7:45 pm. The protesting youths who blocked the roads preventing motorists from plying also displayed placards with different inscriptions calling for justice for Dike. Obiekwe said the angry protesters are also calling on relevant authorities to ensure the culprit is brought to justice. Narrating the incident, Obiekwe said,” Both the police and his victim were in a bar parlour, where they came to have some evening comfort and relax, when DPO arrived, there was a face-off between the two. He revealed that sequel to the face-off, he branded the young men members of ESN! As he contacted his office and requested their help in coming to get rid of the bad boys in the bar. According to him, “The trigger happy police officers could not exercise patience! As the young boys were demanding that he packed his jeep properly, he reached out for his raffle and shot one of them. And drove off immediately and took refuge at the police divisional command, very close to the scene of the event” The youth President said if not for the prompt and mature intervention of the Area Commander of Ideato Police Area Command, who rushed the young man to the hospital and ensured that he received proper treatment, he would have been dead by now. The spokesman of the State Police Command, Michael Abattam while confirming the incident during a call said the matter is under investigation.