Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, on Thursday, said Nigerians should be grateful to President Muhammadu Buhari over the “massive” railway projects across the country. Amaechi said this in Abeokuta, Ogun State, during the launch of the State Mass Bus Transit System. 2. Report emerged yesterday that President, Yemi Osinbajo, will on Saturday, disclose his position on the 2023 presidential election. A top presidency source said that Osinbajo feels it’s the right time to address the 2023 issue with regard to his ambition, considering the fact that the election is close. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has further extended the closing dates for the purchase and submission of expression of interest and nomination forms for the 2023 general elections. Under the new timelines, the last day for the purchase of all forms has been extended to Thursday, April 14, 2022. 4. The Aguata Local Government Area headquarters, Anambra State, was yesterday, attacked by arsonists, believed to be those widely referred to as “unknown gunmen” in the South-East. The attack took place at the home LG of Governor of the State, Charles Chukwuma Soludo. 5. Citing a new decision of the Court of Appeal on defection, a Federal High Court in Abuja on Thursday, declined to declare vacant the governorship seat of Ben Ayade over his defection from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to the All Progressives Congress, APC. 6. The detained leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, on Thursday, instituted a fresh N50 billion suit against the Federal Government, alleging that he was forcefully abducted from Kenya and returned to the country for trial, in violation of his fundamental human rights. 7. The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) on Thursday demolished over 300 illegal structures in a densely populated Bassa-Jiwa village, near the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. Addressing newsmen at the scene, the Director, FCTA Development Control Department, Murkhtar Galadima, said the structures removed were part of the 500 uncontrolled developments marked for demolition in the area. 8. A teenager (name withheld) on Thursday narrated to an Ikeja Domestic Violence and Sexual Offences Court how her 43-year-old biological father (name withheld) allegedly defiled her many times. The survivor, aged 16, testified at her father’s trial. 9. A Federal High Court in Abuja, on Thursday, dismissed a fundamental enforcement rights suit filed by suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari, against the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency. Justice Inyang Ekwo dismissed the suit after counsel for the NDLEA, Joseph Sunday, prayed the court that the matter be struck out. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has written a letter to the House of Representatives, informing the parliament that the deficit in the 2022 Appropriation Act has risen by N965.42bn to N7.35tn. Consequently, the President said the Federal Government would borrow funds to fill the gap.