A Social-Political Group in the Niger Delta, Apostles of Good Governance (AGG), has raised an alarm over alleged plots by some desperate politicians within the incumbent Governor of Bayelsa State, Douye Diri, to destabilise and control the structure of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in the state. The group alleged that the accused persons were loyal to the former Governor, Seriake Dickson. It called on the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state to sell the expression of interest and nomination forms to all those who are willing to participate in the elections, especially the youths and to ensure a level playing field for all participants and not dance to the tune of any individual or be teleguided by any group. A statement signed by its Coordinator, Comrade Kimiowei Phillips and Secretary, Miss Gladys Okiya at the weekend, urged Governor, Douye Diri, to rise to the occasion and stand its ground, claiming they foresee a plot to destabilize the government going into the 2023 general elections. The group alleged that the plan is being orchestrated by some persons within the government whose loyalty is more to the forces outside the incumbent government. The statement reads “Our attention has been drawn to the clandestine moves by some politicians especially the immediate past governor of Bayelsa State, HE Senator, Henry Seriake Dickson to continue to control the political activities in the state inspite of the fact that this administration is being controlled by the able leadership of the Prosperity and Miracle Governor, Sen. Douye Diri. We as a group, under the aegis of Apostles of Good Governance (AGG), are aware of Sen. Dickson’s plans to control 60% of the next dispensation’s political offices especially the Legislature which is one powerful arm of government. This has come to the fore as Dickson has directed that all ‘first timers’ in the State House of Assembly be allowed to return for a second tenure. From our records, the first time members in the State House of Assembly are 12 in number and all or most of them are HE Sen. Dickson’s cronies. If this is allowed to happen, it, therefore, means that Dickson’s control of 60% of the Legislature will be actualized and this will pose a potential danger to the Prosperity Government which will be at the mercy of Sen. Dickson who can mastermind the impeachment of Gov. Diri at any time. We are therefore calling on the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the State to sell the expression of interest and nomination forms to all those who are willing to participate in the elections, especially the youths and to ensure a level playing field for all participants and not dance to the tune of or be teleguided by any particular self-acclaimed powerful politician.