Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode (FFK) has lambasted the United Kingdom over the treatment of the people from Rwanda seeking to settle in the country. More than 150 non-governmental organizations have signed an open letter against the reparation while the United Nations Refugee Agency expressed “strong opposition and concerns” about the plan. The British Government announced a £120million economic development program for Rwanda as part of a migrant deportation scheme that sparked criticisms. On Tuesday, Fani-Kayode strongly condemned the proposed legislation to send mainly African and Arab asylum seekers and immigrants back. His statement said the action and the threat by leaders of a Swedish political party to “drench the Koran in pig’s blood” and “burn it” rubbish the assertion that Europe is a bastion of religious freedom and tolerance. FFK declared that it proves Europe is not the racial and cultural melting pot, as well as the plural and equitable society the continent claims to be. “Deep down in the heart and soul of both old and new Europe and indeed much of the western world lies inexplicably cruel and sinister darkness. “An aversion and pathological hatred for anything and anyone that is racially or religiously “different” and does not conform to the classical white, Christian, Ango-Saxon, Gallic, Viking or Germanic prototype.” He said the West weeps for the plight of the people of Ukraine yet “refuse to give a damn about the barbaric events” in Yemen, Somalia, Nigeria and other parts of the Arab and African world. “They shed tears for the Ukrainian women and children being butchered in the Donbas region, Mariupol and Kyiv, yet spare none for the innocent and hapless Arab and African civilians being bombed and slaughtered in their respective countries.” The former presidential aide described the “double standards and sheer hypocrisy of the western world” as appalling and nauseating. Fani-Kayode added that their emerging New World Order is “as insensitive and evil” as the old, and their globalisation agenda, “deeply rooted in mysticism, ancient occultism and the dictates of the Illuminati, has failed”.