Social activist, Deji Adeyanju, has said former President Olusegun Obasanjo did more than Chief Bola Ahmed Tinubu to secure victory for President Muhammadu Buhari in 2015. He said the former President rallied the international community against the then President, Goodluck Jonathan. He also posited that the former Governor of Rivers and Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, gave more financial support than Tinubu did. Adeyanju spoke further that a former Governor of Kano State, Rabiu Kwakwanso, garnered more votes for the All Progressives Congress (APC) than the former Lagos State Governor. He opined that former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, former Governor Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun State and others within the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) at the time, did more than the APC national leader for Buhari to unseat Jonathan. He described as insulting to Buhari and the ruling party, claims that Tinubu made Buhari the nation’s president in 2015. He also condemned calls by Tinubu’s supporters that he should be compensated with the APC presidential ticket because he worked for Buhari in 2015. “It is very insulting to Buhari and even the APC for Tinubu’s supporters to keep saying he made Buhari president in 2015. Obasanjo did more for Buhari to be president in 2015 than Tinubu by rallying the international community against GEJ. Amaechi brought more money than Tinubu. Kwankwaso brought more votes than Tinubu. Atiku, Amosun, etc. “Even people within GEJ’s administration who worked against him did more than Tinubu. Sahara Reporters did more than Tinubu to remove GEJ from power. “More insulting is their assertion that Tinubu should be compensated with the destiny of a nation because he worked for Buhari’s emergence in 2015. “This is why I describe Tinubu’s supporters as clowns who are only looking for a slave master to enslave Nigerians and politicians the way he is currently enslaving Lagosians and acting like a god there,” Adeyanju said in a post on his verified Facebook page.