The Executive Secretary of Tertiary Education Trust, Sonny Echono, has called on Tertiary Institutions in Nigeria to produce entrepreneurs and not just graduates. Echono made the call while stressing that the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari has given his full support to education. He noted that Buhari’s support is evident in the recent Presidential approval of an upward review of Education Tax from two percent to 2.5percent, which will enable TETFUND to cope with increasing demands. Arc. Echono spoke in Abuja when the Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong, paid him a courtesy visit at the Fund’s Headquarters. The TETFUND Boss said investments in creating entrepreneurs would go a long way to curbing the menace of unemployment and consequently tackle the socio-economic problems prevalent in the country. Echono stated that one of his primary goals is to make Tertiary Institutions a place to produce entrepreneurs noting that with the support of the federal government, TETFUND plans to reinforce the huge investments in the 13 new Universities to fast track their rate of progress with a view to achieving the purpose of establishing them. This investment, Echono emphasized, would go into expanding the frontiers of education and the way education is structured in the country. “The increased tax would facilitate the implementation of more developmental projects in the education sector,” he said. The Executive Secretary expressed appreciation at the show of support from Governor Lalong while pledging continued commitment to developing tertiary education in the state. Earlier in his remark, Lalong lauded the Fund for the numerous iconic projects dotting the tertiary institutions in Plateau State, saying TETFUND has become a lifeline for the schools. Governor Lalong sought the continuity of the good work by the Fund, expressing his appreciation for its contribution to the development of education in the state and the northern region of Nigeria at large. The Governor expressed optimism that the newly appointed Executive Secretary of the Fund, who he described as an educationist, with his track record as Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Education, would keep up the good work of his predecessor, Prof. Elias Bogoro, who the Governor added that made a lot of impact in the development of tertiary institutions across Nigeria. Assuring Echono of his support in discharging his duties, Governor Lalong said as the Chairman of the Northern Governors Forum; he would make sure the Executive Secretary gets the support of other northern governors.