The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in Etim Ekpo local council of Akwa Ibom State, Hon. Aniekan Dan, has warned Dr. Emmanuel Ukpong against parading himself as chairman of Etim Ekpo PDP Elders Forum as there is no agreement to elect anybody into such position. Dan, who stated this in a press statement made available to journalists in Uyo, the state capital, over the weekend, said the recent stakeholders meeting held in the local government with all elected and appointed Etim Ekpo people in government among others, resolved, through a communique, that the issue of Elders Forum or LGA political leadership be put on hold until after the elections as the matter is potentially divisive. According to the press statement, “it was also resolved that since the purported claimer did not emerge through due process and through the leadership and stakeholders of the party in the Local Government Chapter, he should desist from parading himself as the Chairman of Etim Ekpo PDP’s Council Elders Forum or as the political leader of the LGA. “However, instead of accepting the wise counsel and refrain from acts likely to bring the Etim Ekpo Chapter of the party into disrepute, this self-seeking individual with a blind ambition to become the political leader of Etim Ekpo and his cohorts will stop at nothing in attempting to bring down the roof of the house”. “The PDP Etim Ekpo frowns at the continuous show of shame and indiscipline by the said character by continuing to parade himself as the Chairman, PDP Elders Forum and political leader of Etim Ekpo. What is more the Dr. Emmanuel Ukpong illegally printed the letter headed paper of the PDP with its insignia without any authorization of leadership of the party in the LGA. “It is to be noted that the party will not sit by and watch errant members indulge in acts putting out the party as indisciplined organization. The party therefore warns that it will invoke appropriate sanctions and disciplinary measures against the perpetrators of this unruly and recalcitrant conducts. “The party advised all party faithfuls to remain calm, ignore all activities of pseudo leaders with fake promises whose aim is to deceive, cajole and lead astray genuine members of the party stressing it will not be distracted by the activities of dissidents as the party is working towards victory in the forth-coming general elections and the successful conduct of the party primaries preceding the elections. “The party also uses the forum to appeal to all party faithfuls to be peaceful, focused and participate fully in the mobilization efforts of the party for a resounding victory in 2023 general election as that is the party’s priority for now.”