Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has declared that his government is after some chieftains of the All Progressives Congress (APC) who allegedly stole about N15 billion from the state treasury. Makinde, who was elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), made this disclosure on Saturday. He defeated the APC and other political parties during the 2019 general elections. Makinde has however alleged that some chieftains of APC in the state have cornered some money belonging to the state. He alleged that the APC members used a certain company to siphon between N12 and N15 billion of Oyo State’s money. While speaking further added that there would be no place to hide for looters of the state’s funds. Makinde who spoke on a Splash 105.5 FM programme cherished “State Affairs” and monitored by journalists, said that his administration remains determined to retrieve every kobo of the state’s resources stolen by the APC members. He spoke further by saying that his administration has been able to bring about a turnaround in the infrastructure of the state and other key sectors because he has blocked loopholes and wastages in resources. “Let me give you an example – when I came in, I looked at how some monies were spent and I believed it was Paris Club refund they moved, which was about N7 billion to N8 billion to OYSROMA. “There is a company called Chinese Global. They said they are Chinese people but we know the people behind it. The company has been shut down as we speak. “I asked the General Manager in charge of OYSROMA and said, look, your budget is N44 Million every month and, in a year, it is less than N500 million. Did you employ new people? He said no. Did you give out contracts? He said no. But how were you able to spend about N7 Billion in eleven months without employing new people? “The money is in excess of N12 billion to N15 billion. Those who stole it are not Chinese but from Oyo State. “We know them, and very soon, wherever they have investment or property in the world, I will go after them and collect this money for our state”.