Aspirants jostling for the House of Representatives seat for the Ibadan North East/ Ibadan South East federal constituency in Oyo State on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have resolved to go to the primary election to pick the candidate ahead of the 2023 election. DAILY POST gathered on Tuesday that the aspirants resolved to go to the primary election after a meeting on Monday. The resolution to go to the primary election was reached after several attempts to reach a consensus failed. Recall that some members of the party had called for a primary election since the consensus arrangement had failed. DAILY POST, however, gathered that the aspirants contesting on the platform of PDP have unanimously agreed to jettison the consensus arrangement and go to the primary election. Some of the aspirants who presented at the meeting included Dr. Kazeem Adesina Olasupo, Mr. Akeem Ademola Ige, Mr. Deji Aboderin and Laide Ali. The aspirants agreed that the leadership of the party should allow them to test their popularity based on their political antecedents. They also pledged their support for whoever emerges as the party’s candidate, provided such is a product of primary election which is the wishes of all members of the party and tenet of a democratic setting. The aspirants said, “In as much as we cannot agree on a consensus arrangement, we want to thank Governor Makinde and Ambassador Arapaja for allowing the wishes of the people to prevail because the governor himself is a product of democracy”. It was also gathered that leaders of the party also resolved to conduct the primary election since they failed to reach a consensus on picking a candidate Monday evening. The leaders applauded Governor Seyi Makinde and the PDP Deputy National Chairman (South), Ambassador Taofeek Arapaja for their verdict on the conduct of the primary election when the aspirants, leaders and stakeholders failed to reach a consensus. A stalwart of the party from the Ibadan South East local government area, Tiamiyu Abidikugu who spoke after the meeting disclosed that Makinde during the meeting at the Government house told all the stakeholders that, where all the aspirants failed to give their consent on consensus, they should go to the primary. Abidikugu maintained that after the meeting at the Deputy National Chairman’s house, the aspirants, leaders and stakeholders on Monday evening proceeded to the government house to brief the Governor on the outcome of the Arapaja’s house meeting where they could not agree on a consensus, hence the need for a primary.