Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) under the leadership of its President-General and Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III, has announced the sighting of the moon, signifying the commencement of Ramadan on Saturday. 2. The Kaduna State Government has received the luggage, valuables and other belongings of some passengers who were on the Abuja-Kaduna train attacked by terrorists on Monday. The items, according to the government, were handed over to the state security operatives. 3. Bandits have killed at least 17 people in attacks on four villages in Anka local government area of Zamfara State. Residents said the armed men invaded Kadaddaba community in the afternoon, firing at residents. 4. Residents of Shanono, Rigasa community, Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State discovered another Improvised ‎Explosives Device (IED) on Friday. The device was detected 24 hours after an IED concealed in a bucket was found in the community. 5. Barring last-minute changes, the 37-man committee constituted by the leading opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to resolve the zoning impasse will throw open the presidential race. Some members of the committee separately said they have reached what they tagged “midcourse solution” on the matter. 6. Rampaging unknown gunmen on Friday, burnt down Osumenyi, Amichi and Ezinifite Police Station all in Nnewi South Local Government Area of Anambra State. This is coming less than 12 hours after unknown gunmen burnt some buildings in Nnewi South Local Government Headquarters, Ukpor. 7. An Appeal Court in Enugu on Friday dismissed a suit seeking the removal of Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State and his Deputy, Dr. Kelechi Igwe, from office. Justice A.O Belgore dismissed the suit for being inconsistent with the constitution and extant laws of the country. 8. A Nigerian based in West London, Adeyinka Shoyemi, 45, of Powis Terrace in Notting Hill, who incited racial hatred with inflammatory messages encouraging violence in Nigeria, particularly in Igbo land has been jailed for four-and-a-half years. 9. The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics have given the Federal Government a further one-month ultimatum to address outstanding issues of Polytechnics. The National President of the union, Mr Anderson Ezeibe, issued the ultimatum at a news conference at the end of its 102 Executive Council meeting in Yola. 10. The spokesman for the Indigenous People of Biafra, Emma Powerful, has said the separatist group is not responsible for the violence and criminal activities in the South-East. Powerful claimed the unrest in the region should be blamed on another group, which he identified as Autopilots