The African Democratic Congress (ADC) Imo State Chapter has vowed to wrestle power from the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) in 2023. The opposition party described APC as a party bedevilled by irreparable internal crises which result has perpetuated too many hardships for the people of Imo State and Nigeria at large. This was revealed at the party secretariat in Owerri, the state capital, by the state Chairman of ADC, Ignatius NIlem Esq during the party’s congress. The party said,” We have come here today to reconstitute the leadership of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) Imo State in our resolve to liberate Imo State from the hands of mediocrity and political clueless hawks whose stock in trade is to perpetuate mediocrity at the altar of meritocracy. “Since 1999, Nigeria democratic experiment, Imo State has been very unfortunate in the production of her political leadership from the Houses of Assembly, Federal Houses of Representatives, Senatorial seats and the Governorship of the State. “The successive leadership of Imo State have not demonstrated the resolute political will to lead the people of the state in the face of the neck tight political, economic and environmental competition all over the world. “While the African Democratic Congress (ADC) seriously condemns the deliberate inability of the successive governments in the Imo State to conduct the Local Government Area Council (LGAC) elections as at when due, the African Democratic Congress (ADC) will initiate the bold step in every facet of life in Imo State once ADC is elected into power in the various positions in Imo State in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. ” ADC urges the good people of Imo State to move en mass into the African Democratic Congress (ADC) Imo State and also join the ADC led Ballot Revolution in Imo State in 2023. The party further said, “APC’s visionless and unprepared to lead syndrome since their inception to power, 8 years ago, has plugged the state into irredeemable crises. “We will also boldly address the problem of insecurity and poverty in the state as we can no longer afford to watch our people perish in abject poverty in the midst of plenty.” Also speaking, Ralph Okey Nwosu ADC National Chairman said ADC will produce the next president of Nigeria and nothing can stop it because Nigerians have rejected the APC and PDP. He said, ” The present government has failed completely and we will start selling our forms next week. Youths will get nomination forms free. “Nigerian youth must be ready and stop making themself available as thugs, hence the youth has a good pedigree, ADC will produce 75% members in the state and national Assemblies. If this present government continue in power there will be no future, our congress is a seamless one, with discipline members.”