Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has visited the palace of the late Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Atanda Olayiwola Adeyemi, DAILY POST reports. Our correspondent gathered that the visit is coming about 24 hours after the news of the death of the traditional ruler was announced. Our correspondent learnt that the Alaafin, who reigned for 52 years, passed away on Friday. The traditional ruler, who celebrated his 83rd birthday in October last year, passed away while receiving medical attention at the Afe Babalola University Teaching Hospital at Ado Ekiti. Makinde who is the chief mourner and governor of the state has however visited the palace. He visited the palace on Sunday in order to commiserate with the people of the ancient town and the family over the demise of the monarch. The governor while speaking, described the monarch as an encyclopedia of Yoruba’s traditional history. He added that the monarch lived a life that had a great impact on humanity. He insisted that the deaths of three traditional rulers in the state were ordained by God. Our correspondent gathered that three prominent traditional rulers among whom are; Soun of Ogbomoso, Oba Jimoh Oyewunmi Ajagungbade, Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji and Alaafin of Oyo, had died between December and April this year. Makinde while speaking further, added that he has received calls from prominent Nigerians over the death of the monarch. He said, “No matter how old the Alaafin was, we would not have wanted him to join his ancestors. When he ascended the throne of his forefathers, I was very young. But because of the way Kabiyesi was to us, we would have loved to have him with us forever if it was possible. “For that, we are sad but we are also happy because Kabiyesi lived long on the throne of his forefathers. “Secondly, since we heard about the news of his death, throughout yesterday, I received calls from the Presidency and a lot of my colleagues. Sultan of Sokoto and Emir of Kano have called me personally. “What this means is that Kabiyesi lived a fulfilled and impactful life not only in Oyo State but throughout the federation. That is why those who are mourning with us could also feel the impact. At this point that we are mourning the passage of Baba, they are also identifying with us”.