Twenty-eight National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, members who absconded from the 2021 programme in Kwara State are to repeat the service year. Kwara State NYSC Coordinator, Mrs Francisca Olaleye, disclosed this on Thursday at the passing out parade of 2021 Batch A Stream 11 Corps members. The disciplinary action, she explained, would serve as a deterrent to other corps members who may want to violate any section of the NYSC Bye-Laws. “I wish to also add that a very few of them, who violated some sections of the NYSC Bye-Laws, have equally been earmarked for disciplinary actions. “28 Corps members, who absconded from the NYSCprogramme, shall repeat the service year, whenever they make themselves available. “Also, 22 Corps members would have their service year extended for other punishable offences. “This disciplinary action will serve as a deterrent to other Corps members, who may want to violate any section of the NYSC Bye-Laws,” Mrs Olaleye declared. She enjoined the Corps members to continue being the spontaneous emissary of the scheme after the national service and commended the outgoing corps members for their achievements, most especially the outgoing medical team. “I am proud of your achievements, as part of today’s ceremony, one outstanding Corps member, among the Batch shall be conferred with the prestigious NYSC State Honours Award,” she added. In his address, Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, described the National Youth Service Corps scheme as the most time-tested path for contemporary Nigerian Youth graduates. Represented by the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Youth, Mrs Funke Banire, governor AbdulRazaq, hailed the great and clear-sightedness as well as the clear vision of the founding fathers of the scheme. “I salute the foresight of the forefathers of this noble scheme. I wish to assert that the National Youth Service Scheme remains the most enduring legacy bestowed upon the present generation of Nigerian youth,” the governor said. A total of 1, 159 corps members passed out after completing the mandatory one-year national service.