Ahead of the April 11 local government election in Katsina State, the Chairman of the state electoral commission (KTSIEC), Alhaji Ibrahim Bako has said that the body is completely prepared. Bako disclosed this during the distribution of sensitive electoral materials to the 34 local government areas in the state held at the Katsina branch of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. The sensitive electoral materials distributed to the 34 LGAs consist of ballot papers and result sheets in the presence of party agents, who inspected and cross-checked the items. Other materials distributed include Forms EC, 8A, B, C and E, which were in about 334 cartons, containing booklets for both the chairmanship and councillorship ballot papers. To conduct the exercise involving the participation of 12 political parties, Bako said about 10,000 adhoc staff have been recruited for the conduct of the election. He also noted that the exercise, which will commence as early as 8am, will end by 3pm. According to the KTSIEC Chairman, security agents have beefed up security across the state in order to ensure a peaceful, free, fair and credible exercise. Meanwhile, the state government has declared 11 April 2022 work-free to enable workers in the state visit their polling units and exercise their franchise. Similarly, the Katsina State Police Command, has announced the restriction of vehicular movement of persons from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm, on Monday as part of its efforts to ensure a peaceful exercise. The spokesman of the state command, SP Gambo Isah made the disclosure in a press statement. He said all entry and exit points into the state, will be manned by security personnel as movement will not be allowed, until the elections are over. He also disclosed that politicians and Very Important Personalities are barred from going to any voting centre with their security details and orderlies. The police spokesman further assured eligible voters of their safety during the exercise, noting that police and other sister security personnel have already been deployed to man the 4902 polling units across the state.