As Muslim faithful gear up to celebrate this year’s Eid-el-Fitr, marking the end of month-long Ramadan fasting, the Bauchi State Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has informed that it will deploy no fewer than 978 regular, special marshals and road traffic crash respondents before, during and after the celebration across the state. This was contained in a statement made available to journalists in Bauchi on Wednesday by the Sector Commander, Yusuf Abdullahi. According to Abdullahi, the personnel would be deployed in five major routes in and out of the state, adding that the special Eid-el Fitr patrol operation would hold between 28th April and 4th May, 2022. The sector commander informed that six ambulances, 10 patrol vehicles, one heavy duty tow truck, two power bikes mainly for highway surveillance, speed control patrol and alert to motorists of obstructions and failed parts of highways would be deployed for the special operation. During the operation, according to Abdullahi, communication equipment would be put to optimum use, adding that inter-connectivity would be accorded the desired attention. He added that all security agencies’ networks are all connected for prompt response and synergy for hitch-free Sallah celebration. According to the sector commander, “Our free toll number: 122 & 112 remain updated.” Abdullahi further stated that the command was collaborating with health service providers with a view to providing prompt services to road accident victims to curtail fatality. “Two roadside clinics to manage road traffic crash victims and the immediate community have been set up, while five help areas will be positioned in all routes in and out of the state. “Aggressive motor park public enlightenment, effective utilization of the media, local associations, community and religious leaders remain major stakeholders in this crusade of safety during and after the festival. “Operation activities remain 24/7 throughout the seven days of the operation,” the sector commander stated. He added that station offices in the 20 local government areas of the state are fully activated for prompt response to road traffic issues, clear obstructions, road traffic crashes, public enlightenment and traffic control.