Anambra State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC has dismissed the senator representing Anambra North Senatorial Zone, Princess Stella Oduah, saying she was never a member of its family. Oduah had on Thursday announced her defection from the APC to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, stating that she was back to her family, after leaving the party for APC shortly before the Anambra State governorship election in November 2021. But the Anambra chapter of the APC in reaction to the Senator’s claims of exiting the party said she was never a member of the APC, and so talks of exiting should not arise. A press release by the factional state publicity secretary of the party, Okelo Madukife dismissed the senator, saying that like others who announced their defection to APC before the Anambra governorship election, they were never welcome, and accepted into the party, and can not claim to be members. He said: “On the contrary, Senator Oduah alongside many PDP and APGA legislators at national and state-level never left their respective political parties for APC last year in the build-up to Anambra State Governorship Elections, beyond photo ops in high places, outside the state. “They only shared an understanding to pursue an illegitimate business through APC platform, but the business failed in the face of a stout resistance from the close-knit membership in a party that fairly believes in the due process.” The party listed other lawmakers in the same category to include, Chris Azubogu, Vincent Ofumelu, Lynda Ikpeazu and Okwudili Ezenwankwo. Others in the same category in the state assembly, the party said are Charles Obimma, Carter Umeh and Onyebuchi Ofo, all of who have dumped the APC and returned to their former parties. Madukife said some of those who claimed they joined the party only did so on the pages of newspapers. He said: “Those who sauntered in for the lure of fast lucre in political business prospecting and in the process joined in laying mines in our dynamic chapter, but were stopped by God and the APC spirit, are returning to their tents.”