A United Kingdom-based medical doctor, Kazeem Adesina Olasupo has said that the year 2023 will determine where Nigeria is going. Olasupo made this disclosure on Sunday. Our correspondent gathered that Nigeria will have another general elections next year. DAILY POST recalls that Olasupo recently declared his intention to represent Ibadan North East/ Ibadan South East federal constituency at the House of Representatives under the platform of Peoples Democratic Party.
Olasupo has, however, said that the 2023 general elections will determine where the country is going. He said that the 2023 is important in the history of Nigeria because, the elections outcome would determine the future of the country. Olasupo, who said the this is the right time to build the country, urged Nigerians to re-dedicate themselves towards nation building. The medical doctor in his Ramadan message to congratulate Muslims over the commencement of this year’s Ramadan fast, advised Muslims to rededicate their lives, show commitment and be obedient to God’s instructions. Olasupo in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday said that the main essence of Ramadan month is significant as Nigerians find solutions and divine guidance out of the current challenges facing the country. He explained further that this is the time for people with good intentions for the country to come out and rescue the country. He regretted that many people are suffering despite the fact that the country has abundant resources. “The main essence of the period is even more significant as Nigerians find solutions and divine guidance out of the current challenges it is facing. “This is the time for people that have good intentions for the country to come together during this holy month of Ramadan to pray for peaceful co-existence and economic stability of the country. “Ramadan is a time to effectively apply the key values; self-tolerance, forgiveness, sacrifice, love and also a time to touch the lives of the less privileged and vulnerable in society through acts of charity. “2023 is very important in the history of this nation. This is the time to build this country. We must put the interest of the country at heart. This is a nation that is full of potential. “We should use this period of holy month of Ramadan and beyond to pray for peaceful atmosphere and economic stability among every individuals, families, our constituency, Oyo state and the country at large.”