Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, on Wednesday, directed all political appointees and public servants in the state who are vying for political offices in the 2023 general elections to tender their letters of resignation to the Secretary to the State Government (SSG) on or before Friday, April 8, 2022. A release signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to the Governor, Mukhtar Gidado, informed that the directive was in compliance with the Electoral Act, 2022 which “provides that political appointees and other public servants aspiring for political offices in the 2023 General Elections are to resign their appointments 30 days before the conduct of primary elections in respect of the specific posts they are aspiring for.” According to Gidado, the governor’s directive was contained in a circular issued by the Office of the Secretary to the Bauchi State Government. He added that the circular also directed commissioners wishing to contest to hand over their offices to the Permanent Secretaries of their respective ministries, while other political office holders should accordingly hand-over government property in their possessions to the Permanent Secretary, General Services, Office of the Head of Civil Service, Bauchi. DAILY POST had on Monday, 4th April, 2022 reported Governor Mohammed telling members of the State Executive Council (SEC) that though he pleaded with some of them to resign from the cabinet, he could not, however, stop them from pursuing their political ambition. According to the governor, as he was running for the president, his commissioners and political aides also had the right to pursue their ambitions. “We are all politicians. This is a political time, the time has come. The timetable is out. The guidelines are out and political forms are out. I know that there are so many of us that are political gladiators. “Those that want to go and those that I’m trying to request to stay back and those that refused to stay back. They have the right to refuse because we won’t step upon their universal suffrage. “I may be meeting with some of you for the last time because the timetable is out. As for me, I enjoy working with you,” the governor told his cabinet members.