Anambra State Governor, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, on Sunday, used his message for the Easter to warn unknown gunmen terrorising the state, saying no inch of Anambra space will be won by them, irrespective of their atrocities. He said they must therefore use Easter as an opportunity to embrace peace in their own interest. Soludo gave a subtle warning in his Easter message to the people of the state, which was made available to the media by his aide, Joe Anatune. “Let me again reassure you that our dear state will continue to thrive on the trajectory of growth, peace and development despite the current wave of insecurity which is drastically being addressed. “And in this spirit of Easter, I call on those who are still in the bush to surrender their arms and accept the olive branch which has been offered to them. “Let me reiterate that as a people, we will never cede or yield our homeland to criminals. The irrepressible spirit of the good people of Anambra State shall always triumph,” he said. He felicitated with Ndi Anambra on the occasion of the Easter celebrations “the solemn occasion of Easter calls for a self-introspection and deep sober reflection.” According to him, the occasion is symbolic because it marks the suffering, crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. Soludo also said coincidentally that Easter Sunday marks exactly a month he assumed office as Governor of Anambra State. He added: “It is, therefore, of utmost importance for us to inculcate and emulate the noble virtues of our Lord Jesus Christ and the symbolism of His Crucifixion in the redemption of mankind. “On this special Easter celebration, I call on every one of us to imbibe the spirit of this solemn occasion as we rededicate ourselves collectively to the onerous task of building a prosperous, safe and livable homeland for our children, great-grandchildren and the generations to come.” Recall that since Soludo took over the helm of affairs in Anambra State, there had been a series of killings and public disturbances, partly attributed to the activities of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. But IPOB leaders have variously denied culpability in the atrocities, especially the compliance with the sit-at-home directive every Monday. While Soludo racks his head to find lasting solutions to the problem of insecurity, indications on the ground appear to show that he is yet to fully settle down to governance exactly one month since he assumed office.