Some gunmen have attacked the Bashorun residence of Alhaji Adebisi Olopoeyan, DAILY POST reports. Our correspondent gathered that Olopoeyan was a chieftain of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) before he joined New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP). Olopoeyan, who joined NNPP on Monday has been named as South West leader of NNPP. Our correspondent had earlier reported that Olopoeyan along with a former governorship aspirant on the platform of PDP, Engineer Joshua Olukayode Popoola on Monday officially joined NNPP in Ibadan. DAILY POST however gathered that some gunmen around 3.pm on Thursday attacked Olopoeyan residence. The attack came two hours after Olopoeyan officially joined NNPP. Our correspondent gathered that many people were injured during the attack. It was also gathered that one of the attackers has been arrested. A source said that the suspect has been handed over to the police. Public Relations Officer of the state police command, Adewale Osifeso confirmed the attack in a statement. Osifeso in a statement made available to journalists on Monday, said that the incident was not a robbery case but a fracas between two political groups. He said that preliminary findings revealed that it was a case of rival political groups and associates. Osifeso added that the case has been handled by operatives of the command. He said, “The Oyo State Police Command wishes to dispel rumours making the round about the occurrence of a Robbery incident along Iwo-Road Axis, Ibadan North-East local government area around 1500hrs as completely mischievous and a fictitious imagination of peddlers of fake news. “Preliminary findings revealed that there was a fracas among rival political groups and associates which was swiftly and professionally handled by operatives of the Command both stationary and on convoy Patrol along the axis. “The Commissioner of Police, while appealing to all and sundry seeks a more productive collaboration with the citizenry in the areas of providing credible and timely information void of bias, sentiment and unverified news items capable of truncating the relative tranquility presently being enjoyed in the state.”