Police operatives in Kwara State have arrested two men riding on a motorcycle with a fresh human head and hands in Kwara State. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, SP Okasanmi Ajayi disclosed this in a press statement on Sunday. According to the statement, the suspects were arrested by a team of policemen on patrol at Oke Oyi/Jebba road on Sunday, 24 April 2022 at about 11:30 am while trying to evade the officers on stop and search duty, They were chased before they were arrested. In the course of searching, the suspects, identified as Wasiu Omonose, 35, of Abioye compound, Share, and Akanbi Ibrahim, 32, of Sayo street, were caught with a bag containing a fresh human head and hands. While being quizzed by the police, the suspects confessed that they were taking the fresh human head and hands to an Alfa in Ilorin for ritual purposes. The Kwara State Commissioner of Police, CP Tuesday Assayono, in the statement, assured that the suspected ritualists will be prosecuted as soon as investigation into the matter is concluded. In the same vein, CP Assayomo warned criminal elements to relocate from the state as the police command would not hesitate in ensuring that any person or group of persons found in any manner, attempting to initiate the breakdown of law and order in the state would be arrested and made to bear the full wrath of the law. The statement reads in part: “In furtherance of the unrelenting effort of Kwara State Police Command in ridding Kwara State of crimes and all forms of criminality, eagle-eyed policemen attached to Operation Harmony, while on patrol of Oke Oyi/Jebba road today 24/4/2022 at about 1130hrs, intercepted two men on a motorcycle. “They attempted to evade the officers on stop and search duty, this aroused the suspicion of the operatives who consequently gave the suspects a hot chase and forced them to a stop. In the process of searching them, a bag containing a fresh human head and hands were found in their possession. “On interrogation, the suspected ritualists by name , Wasiu Omonose ‘M’ aged 35yrs, of Abioye compound, Share and, one Akanbi Ibrahim ‘M’ aged 32yrs of Sayo street Share, stated that, they were taking the fresh human head and hands to an Alfa in Ilorin for ritual purposes.”