The Bauchi State Police Command has disclosed that its operatives, acting on credible intelligence, mopped up prohibited firearms and ammunition from different individuals within and outside the State. A statement signed by the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, made available to journalists in Bauchi, stated that a total of 23 political thugs, known as Sara Suka, were also arrested by the police following their activities in the State capital. Wakil, a Superintendent of Police (SP), said that the firearms and ammunition mopped up included one AK 47 rifle; one SMG; one pump action gun eagle; one G3 rifle; one locally made SMG; one Dane gun troy; one unserviceable Dane gun; 72 live ammunition and five empty magazines. According to the police spokesman, the prohibited firearms and ammunition were mopped up on 1st April, 2022 at about 3pm. The PPRO further stated that one Ahmadu Shuaibu (40), alias Ruwaji, of Bakin Ruwaji in Toro Local Government Area of the State was intercepted by detectives on routine patrol at Nabordo for being in possession of an AK-47 rifle, ammunition, 28 sheep, 31 cows and one dog. “On the 15/03/2022 at about 0800hrs the Command detectives while on routine patrol around Nabordo area of Toro LGA, in a swift response intercepted one Ahmadu Shuaibu aged 40yrs, alias Ruwaji of Bakin Ruwaji, Toro LGA. “Thorough investigation was made and he was found in possession of: AK-47 rifle; twenty (20) rounds of 7.62mm caliber live ammunition; twenty-eight (28) sheep; thirty-one (31) cows and one (1) dog. “During interrogation, the suspect confessed to having bought the prohibited firearm from one Ibrahim in Taraba State,” SP Wakil stated. He added that investigation was ongoing, at the end of which the suspect would be charged to court. In another development, 23 hoodlums were arrested in Bauchi metropolis in a counter offensive against their activities in the State capital. Wakil said that the hoodlums, known as Sara Suka unleashed terror on residents of Unguwar Hardo/Unguwar Mahaukata in Bauchi, inflicted injuries on them and damaged their properties. According to the PPRO, “In a swift response by the Rapid Response Squad of the Command led by Commander (RRS), as a counter offensive to the activities of Sara Suka hoodlums carried out on 04/04/2022 at Unguwar Hardo/Unguwar Mahaukata within the metropolis at about 2115hrs, the hoodlums inflicted injuries and caused damage to the properties of residents in the area.” He listed those arrested in connection with the crime to include: Usman Aliyu (20), alias Walada; Hamza Yusuf (20), alias Walke; Muslim Yakubu (20), alias Tandu; Usaini Musa, alias ababba; Abdullahi Idris, alias Virus; Huzaifa Yakubu, alias Babba; Usman Idris, alias Dan Bala; Musa Alhassan, alias Engineer; Abubakar A. Abubakar, alias Uka and Abdullahi Musa, alias Danfulani. Also arrested were Abubakar Isah, alias Orji; Isma’ila Hassan, alias Bature; Uzaifa Ibrahim, alias Dan-nau; Yusuf Bala, alias Ba-aske; Yakubu Musa, alias Jahili; Sa’idu Ismail, alias Nazifatu and Aliyu Abdullahi, alias Ballu. Others were Haruna Mohammed, alias Maifachi; Haruna Adamu, alias Baki; Sulaiman Idris,alias Gandu; Nasiru Sale, alias Baba and Umar Musa, alias Kefas. According to the police spokesman, exhibits recovered from the hoodlums were one Tecno phone, four cutlasses and two knives. He added that the State Commissioner of Police, Umar Mamma Sanda had directed that all the suspects be profiled and charged to court.