Authorities of the Bayelsa State Police Command have confirmed the assassination of a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Chief Sunny Frank-Oputu. DAILY POST gathered that the deceased was reportedly killed by unknown gunmen at his residence in Yenagoa, early Wednesday morning. Sources told DAILY POST that though the details of Oputu’s death still remain sketchy, it may not be far from politics. Oputu, who hails from the Igbomotoru Community of Southern Ijaw LGA, in the state, was a strong supporter of Senator Heineken Lokpobiri, and a factional Chairman of the APC in the state. The deceased, until his death, was a strong supporter of a suit contesting the legality of the recently conducted ward, local government and state congresses of the APC in a Bayelsa State High Court. It would also be recalled that the deceased vehemently condemned the recent attack of a State High Court where the presiding Judge, Justice Nayai Aganaba, was stoned with plastic bottles by the hoodlums, an incident he vowed to follow up to a logical conclusion before his untimely death. In a statement issued to DAILY POST through the state’s Police Public Relations Officer, SP Asinim Butswat, the police confirmed and noted that “On 26 April 2022, at about 2300 hours, gunmen scaled the fence and gained access to the residence of Hon. Frank Oputu located at No. 1 Jonah Road Bay- Bridge, Kpansia, fired several shots at the Honourable through the window of his bedroom and fatally injured him. “The injured victim was rushed to Federal Medical Center, Yenagoa, where he was confirmed dead. The corpse has been deposited at the mortuary for autopsy.” The Commissioner of Police, Bayelsa State Command, CP Ben Nebolisa Okolo, has charged officers to intensify efforts to identify and arrest the perpetrators. He further re-assured members of the public of the command’s resolve at ensuring the culprits are arrested and brought to book. The Command urged members of the public to remain calm as investigation is ongoing.