The Leader Of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, on Saturday, issued warning ahead of the next governorship elections in Delta, Enugu, Akwa Ibom, and Rivers States. Primate Ayodele noted that Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State will face challenges if he doesn’t pick James Augoye as his successor. In a statement by his Media Aide, Osho Oluwatosin, the clergyman noted that Augoye is the only person that can give the Governor the rest of mind he desires. He advised James Ibori and Governor Okowa to work together to pick a reliable candidate. Ayodele said: ‘’In Delta State, Governor Okowa and James Ibori should join together to pick a reliable candidate, Okowa will face challenges that he will suffer from if he doesn’t pick James Augoye, he is the best candidate that can deliver and give him rest of mind, that’s what I am seeing. “If Okowa doesn’t do the right thing, there won’t be peace in the State, the best candidate is James Augoye. The government needs to do the rightful thing so he won’t be disappointed when he gives it to the wrong person.‘’ For Enugu State, Primate Ayodele revealed that only Ike Ekweremadu can make things work in the State and not betray the present Governor. The man of God stated that although there are other candidates, but Ekweremadu is the best. He then advised that no candidate should be underrated. ‘’In Enugu state, it’s only Ike Ekweremadu that can make it work. He will do better and will not betray the Governor. The Governor should consult God than human. Though there are other candidates but the best who can make it work is Ekweremadu. If he fails to listen, he will choose an enemy who will be after his downfall. Meanwhile, no candidate should be underrated, but PDP will still retain the State. The Governor will not like it but the best candidate that can sustain his work is Ekweremadu,” he said. For Akwa Ibom State, Primate Ayodele made it known that the governor’s anointed candidate, Pastor Umo Eno will not be able to win the election, while advising the governor to work on someone else as he foresees former governor Godswill Akpabio’s candidate putting up a serious contest in the election. ‘’In Akwa Ibom State, Governor Udom Emmanuel’s anointing of Pastor Umo Eno as his successor will not see the light of the day, he should better work on someone else now or else, PDP will lose Akwa Ibom State. Pastor Umo Eno will not be able to beat Godswill Akpabio’s candidate, he doesn’t have the clout,’’ he said. Speaking on Rivers State, Primate Ayodele revealed that the best candidate for Governor Wike is around him and not outside his cabinet. He described the person as not up to 56 years old. The man of God advised the Governor not to look outside the cabinet so as not to choose an enemy as a successor. ‘’In Rivers State, Wike’s successor is around him, the person is not up to 56 years, he’s a young man, he doesn’t need to look outside his cabinet, it’s within, he will be the one to stand and even perform better than Wike.’’