AS Roma striker, Tammy Abraham has named Jose Mourinho the best manager in the world. The England international has settled in well in Italy’s capital after £34 million transfer from Chelsea. The striker has netted 23 times in his first season in Italy, including a brace in a 3-0 win over Roma’s fierce rivals Lazio. He produced heroics in the game between Lazio and Roma before the international break but was criticised afterwards by Mourinho. Some players may have felt a bit put out by those comments from Mourinho but Abraham was very happy with the Portuguese and revealed he experienced the former Real Madrid, Manchester United, and Chelsea boss’ tough methods as a youngster at Chelsea too. He told talkSPORT, “You know Mourinho’s a character that we all know. “There’s a reason why I call him the best manager in the world. He knows how to drive you, he knows how to get under your skin and he knows how to make you feel like a very special player at times. Mourinho is demanding more from Abraham, who’s ready for the Portuguese’s demands “He’ll never tell you but I always want to do my best for him. He pushes me to do my best. “When I feel like I’ve done enough he tells me I have to do more. “I experienced him when I was at Chelsea as a kid, I went to train with the first team and he was always hard on me, he was always pushing me to better myself – I felt like when I did something right he’d tell me to do it better. “That’s exactly what I needed, that push and that drive, especially after the difficult season I had at Chelsea where I wasn’t playing and getting much game time. “To come here and have a manager like Mourinho to coach you, to believe in you only gives you more confidence.” Speaking further, Abraham said he was convinced to join Roma from the Blues by his father and agent. “As a young English lad, I wanted to stay in England. Rome came along and Atalanta and many different teams around the world, I was telling myself I wanted to stay in the Premier League and that I had something to prove,” he said “But my dad, parents and agent sat me down and said ‘you scored goals at Chelsea, Swansea and Bristol City, go and test the waters, go and experience life abroad.’ When they were speaking it kind of dawned on me that not many players can say they’ve gone out in Italy, to Serie A and a team like Rome.