Roadside trading around markets in Uyo metropolis, Akwa Ibom State has gradually returned. Apart from causing both human and vehicular traffic in the affected areas, the safety of the traders, as well as buyers on the roads, is now at risk. Though the state government had in February 2021 banned street trading and went ahead to set up a task force to ensure full compliance, roadside trading has returned unhindered. However, a visit to some of the markets within the Uyo metropolis particularly, the popular Itam and Akpan Andem markets revealed that sellers prefer the roadsides because the market is constantly muddy inside, with stagnant water and heaps of rubbish left unattended for days. According to some market women who spoke with journalists, it is always worse during the rainy season as everywhere is flooded inside the market, making it difficult for buyers to consider buying anything that is not found on the roadside It was also discovered that even some of those selling on the road are shop owners inside the market but had to bring out their wares outside. A yam seller at Akpan Andem market who identified himself as Billy told our correspondent that the situation got worst during the lockdown occasioned by the outbreak of COVID-19, where markets were locked for supposed fumigation. He said people who were selling on the roadsides refused to return to their stalls inside the market even when the market was opened for normal market sessions. “There was a time everybody was forced to leave the road and return to the main market. All the chicken sellers at the chicken plaza had their kiosks along this Udo Umana Street, the whole place was dirty and stinky. After several warnings, bulldozers came in and destroyed so many things.” He said. He added, “There is no proper drainage system, the internal road network is now occupied by traders, even the motor park inside the market is occupied by second-hand cloth sellers with big umbrellas and canopies, leaving just a little portion for vehicles.” The visit, however, revealed that over half of the lock-up shops in the market are vacant due to the bad state of the market. It was also gathered that buyers even encourage this menace as they have revealed in an interview that they prefer buying from roadsides, claiming that inside the market is always muddy and stinky. According to them, “if there are no sellers on the road, we will have no choice but to go inside and shop. But the unfavourable condition of the markets is something to worry about. It will be appropriate if the authorities do something urgently about the poor condition of the market in the state.” In the same vein, a cross-section of market women at Itam Market, in Itu LGA of the state who were interviewed have blamed ticket agents for encouraging roadside trading in the area. An Afang leaf seller who spoke in confidence for fear of the unknown said, “sometimes state government taskforce will come and drive them away but those ticket boys will go and meet them to return to the Street. They will convince them that they sell more on the roadside than inside the market. “The ticket collectors know that they make more money from those Street sellers. While they collect say N100.00 for those inside the market, one agent collects up to N500.00 from a seller. Sometimes you see three different agents collecting N500 each from one trader. “They don’t even issue them tickets after collecting the money. Any Street trader that refuses to pay them, loses his goods. They will carry your goods. Sometimes you see them struggling with vegetable sellers. Some of the collectors move about with wheelbarrows, if you don’t pay, they pack whatever you are selling inside the wheelbarrow and go. “There are cases when you bring the money to pay them and ask them to return your goods they will not. ” If you go to that Meat building, you will see only a few people selling, most of them are outside. Unfortunately, you will find people selling very close to heaps of refuse. I don’t think that is healthy.” However, analysts had it that the only solution to the menace is for the relevant authorities to use the money gotten from the traders as levies to make the market habitable adding that such would encourage both the traders and buyers to do their transactions inside the market. However, efforts to get reactions from the Chairman of the Traders association in the state was unsuccessful as he told journalists who visited that he was rushing for a political meeting on the succession plan of the governor, Mr Udom Emmanuel.