The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr. Iyorchia Ayu, said every aspirant jostling for the party’s presidential ticket is 1000 times better than incumbent President Muhammadu Buhari of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Ayu stated this Wednesday when one of the presidential aspirants, former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi, visited the national secretariat of the party. Obi, who was PDP’s vice-presidential candidate in the 2019 general elections, visited the secretariat to intimate the party of his plan to rule the country on the PDP ticket, Come 2023. Ayu, in a statement by his Special Adviser, Communication & Strategy, Simon Imobo-Tswam, reiterated the resolve of the party to win the 2023 presidential election and rescue Nigeria. He said the PDP will produce the most capable candidate that would be acceptable to all. The statement read, “His words all our candidates that have bought forms so far, are people that if given the opportunity to run this country, will do 1000 times better than what President Buhari and the APC have done in the last six years. “He added when people of your quality show interest in our party to run for the presidency, we know that we are the right party to rule this country. We have the quality, and we believe Nigerians will give the PDP the opportunity for one of you to lead the rescue mission, come 2023. “Ayu carpeted the APC-led Federal Government for turning Nigeria into a debtor-nation for no justifiable reason and for committing over 90 percent of federal revenues to debt-servicing, insisting that You can’t commit your resources to that level of debt servicing and still develop the country.” PDP national chairman also restated the commitment of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) to neutrality in the choice of candidates for elective offices. He stressed that the party’s presidential flag bearer will emerge through a transparent process, courtesy of delegates. He assured that, as much as they can, they will provide a level playing field, adding that ” this way, win or lose, you will know it’s the decision of ordinary party members, the delegates. “So, I urge you to interact among yourselves. Work as a team. And keep the big picture in mind because the real contest is ahead. When we have our presidential candidate, we shall be facing the shadow-PDP, the dregs that left the real thing. We will support the candidate to win the presidency and start the salvage mission.” Earlier, Mr. Peter Obi had explained why he wants to be President, saying he was not desperate to answer the title of “Mr. President,” but was in the race to fix the country. According to him: “I am not contesting because I have the desperation to be President. But I have a desperation that Nigeria must get it right in 2023 or we don’t have a country again. And getting it right is ensuring that someone who has the capacity and competence to rule this country is in charge.”