Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A 2023 presidential aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Orefo Nnamdi Onochie, has announced the withdrawal of his membership of the main opposition party in Nigeria. Onochie, in a statement forwarded to DAILY POST on Tuesday, hinged his sudden decision on the alleged abandonment of Article 7.2(c) of the PDP constitution by the national leadership of the party, which provided for zoning and rotation of positions and offices. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, in Abuja said he would not allow any individual or group to destabilize the country. Speaking on the forthcoming general elections, Buhari said that being beneficiary of free, fair and credible elections, the introduction of technology and the Permanent Voters Card (PVCs) will make it impossible for anyone to claim millions of votes again in the country. 3. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has published names of militants and commanders terrorising people of the South-East region. This was contained in a statement signed by IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, on Tuesday. 4. Another Nigerian Air Force (NAF) plane has crashed. Two pilots may have lost their lives. An impeccable source told DAILY POST Tuesday night that the incident occurred “some hours ago”. 5. Authorities of the Federal Capital Territory have sealed-off the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing located at Mabushi in Abuja. The exercise was carried out early Tuesday morning by heavily armed security personnel drawn from the police, Civil Defense Corps, among others. 6. Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State has blamed the killings recorded in the State on some politicians. Uzodinma, who spoke at the Cathedral Church of Transfiguration of Our Lord, CATOL, in Owerri, the State capital, said politicians against the All Progressives Congress, APC, are behind the killings and insecurity in the State. 7. Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, has formally declared his intention to run for the 2023 presidential election. Ngige declared his Presidential ambition while addressing a mammoth crowd at St. Mary’s Catholic Church Alor, Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State, on Tuesday. 8. The National Parent Teacher Association of Nigeria (NAPTAN) has applauded the Lagos State Government (LASG) for shutting down Chrisland Schools following an alleged sexual scandal among some of its students. Mr Adeolu Ogunbanjo, Deputy National President of the NAPTAN, while reacting to the development, commended the Lagos State Government for the swift move, describing it as the first and right step. 9. Troops of the Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) have eliminated a top leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Ammar Bin-Umar, in massive airstrikes in Lake Chad. The top ISIS Commander was reportedly sent by the terror group to coordinate attacks for the Islamic State West Africa (ISWAP) operating from the Tumbuns in Lake Chad against targets in Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon. 10. The draw for the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifying series was conducted on Tuesday evening. Nigeria has been put in Group A, alongside Sierra Leone, Guinea-Bissau and Sao Tome and Principe.