Member representing Degema/Bonny Federal Constituency and governorship aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Rivers State, Hon. Farah Dagogo, has warned that Rivers State ‘is too big for any individual attempting to micro-manage its affairs and fortunes.’ He said there is a need to address the fundamental and disturbing occurrences where the voices and desires of the majority to choose are mortgaged by a few. The governorship hopeful made this known in Port Harcourt, the state capital, when a socio-political group, One-On-One-Network, in their hundreds, thronged his residence to show solidarity and support for his aspiration. Dagogo challenged the gathering to be determined in recreating history by returning power to the people where they can truly decide who represents them and govern over their affairs. “Rivers State belongs to us all. We cannot continue to pander to the wishes of a few who have turned themselves into dictators with the desire to continue mortgaging our rights to choose and decide who will govern us. We have to recreate history, we have to liberate ourselves from this shackle by ensuring that people who have the good interest of the state and its people at heart are supported to govern. “Let us end dictatorship, let us end it now. Democracy is competitive. I want a situation where we have contestants in the Governorship, Senate, House of Representatives, House of Assembly primary and general elections. Let us go and try our franchise so that the people will elect their persons. “Go back home, talk to the people, this is Rivers State. What we are discussing is Rivers State. It is no longer going to be someone dictating to us, in your Senatorial District, or Ward or Unit that it is this person I want. We have gone past that level. “This is the 21st century. I remembered that in 1885, officially, slavery ended in the world. Regrettably, at this point in time, I still see some people chaining themselves, dragging themselves to somebody, a slave master, to drag them along. Does it make sense? Just as the last person said, how can our parents work for thirty something years and are yet to be paid (their gratuities). What are we doing in Rivers State? “The battle we are facing now is light versus darkness. Can darkness defeat light? I believe we are there( Government House). By God’s grace we are going to Government House together, all of us. No segregation, no sentiment. “They promised (their people) that no PDP form will come out. But today the only form they said will come out is the one we have. “So, automatically, we are potential candidates of the PDP. By God’s grace, and with the support of all of you, we are going to move beyond being the candidate of the PDP to face whoever that will contest against us from the other political parties. Our candidature has given them serious problems. I know we will emerge and we are going to win the general elections. Earlier, the Director-General of the group, Hon. Lovegod Nweje said Farah Dagogo’s courage and boldness to throw his hat into the ring at a time it seems the courage of Rivers State politicians have disappeared strengthened the group’s decision to support him.