Mrs Mercy Samuel, a 23-year-old mother of two in Jos, Plateau State, has been allegedly killed by her husband, Samuel Mathew. Mercy and her husband were said to be living along Vom road, Jos South Local Government Area of Plateau State. The husband, DAILY POST gathered, ripped Mercy’s abdomen open during a disagreement on Sunday. The deceased later died on Wednesday after she was rushed to the Bingham University Teaching Hospital, Jos. Jummai Madaki, the State Project Officer, Women’s Right Advancement and Protection Alternative (WRAPA), who tried to get support for the late Mercy before her demise, asked all people of goodwill to rise and ensure justice for the deceased. She said, “There had been some violence against her in the past as confirmed by her family but the husband’s family denied any violence. The man ripped open her tummy, removed her intestine, before he disappeared with her phone so she could not call for help.” She explained that they live in a small apartment and wondered why no one heard her screaming, saying that they were told help did not come until the early hours of Monday when she was rushed to the hospital and placed on oxygen as an informant called her attention to the incident and they raised an alarm. She lamented that the matter was not reported to the police, stressing that they were told by her parents that last year, she was home due to some issues, but the husband’s people came to beg and she went back. Rebecca Sambo, the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, who also visited the deceased’s family house in Gyel, Jos South, regretted the incident and assured the family that the matter would not be swept under the carpet. She said the police have been informed and action has commenced ensuring the young girl gets justice. She, however, enjoined women to speak out once they sensed any danger in their marriages and not give themselves over to be killed by violent husbands. The Commissioner directed women to approach the Gender Desks in Police Stations and report gender-based violence to the Desk Officers.