The Bauch State Governor and 2023 presidential aspirant, Bala Mohammed, has described a former Edo Senator, Ehigie Uzamere, as a disgrace to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Mohammed, a Northern Consensus candidate of the Northern elders, urged the National Working Committee, NWC, to call Uzamere and the campaign organization he represents to order. He was reacting to a recent statement credited to the former Edo Senator which he described as uncouth, reprehensible, gutter sniping and irresponsible public statements. Mohammed spoke through the spokesperson of the Bala Mohammed Presidential Campaign, Prof Udenta O. Udenta. Addressing a Press Conference in Abuja on Thursday, Udenta accused Uzamere of being a meddlesome interloper who peddles political dirt as a way of life. Udenta said he holds his fellow PDP Presidential aspirant, Atiku Abubakar in high regard. While restating Mohammed’s sterling credentials and unblemished public service record as a Director, Senator, Minister and Governor, Udenta vehemently called on the PDP National Working Committee, NWC, to quickly rein in such rogue political characters before they inflict damage on the culture of civility and cordiality that ought to define the primary campaign process. He said: “PDP does not need this type of acrimony now. We are having a family conversation. Unbecoming characters like Senator Uzamere, whose stock in trade is to damage people’s reputation as a means of getting on in life, and indeed the campaign organization they are affiliated to or associated with must be cautioned by the NWC to avoid the situation from getting out of hand. The PDP must reign in those using uncouth language against other aspirants. “We are not sure who Uzamere is working for but enough is enough. This will be our last studied and restrained response to his unprovoked attack against Sen Bala Mohammed. Next time around we will remove our gloves and go bare-knuckles with such unsavoury individuals and the dark political forces and entities egging them on. Make no mistake about it, Sen Bala Mohammed’s campaign organization has the requisite communication skills, robust energy, intestinal fortitude and intellectual depth to take on such sleazy individuals without minding the consequences to party coherence unless the NEC does the needful. “Bala Mohammed holds Abubakar Atiku in high regard and is sure Atiku also holds Mohammed in high regard and believes strongly that the effort of political clowns and creatures of the night like Uzamere will not damage the respect the two leaders have for one another”.