A political group, South-East Renaissance Assembly, SERA, on Thursday, hinted that the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, would likely emerge through a consensus arrangement. SERA stated this at a press conference addressed in Enugu by the National Coordinator of the group, Chief Gbazuagu Nweke Gbazuagu. Other members of the group at the press conference included: Senator Chris Adighije, former Speaker, Enugu State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Eugene Odo, Barr. Steve Asimobi, APC Chairman in Abia State, Acho Obioma, Lady Benny Nwachukwu, former Speaker, old Enugu State House of Assembly, Senator Anthony Agbo, former Enugu commissioner, Hon. Joe Mmamel, Commissioner, Federal Character Commission, Hon. Mrs. Ginikar Tor, Senator Anosike, Ifeanyi Nwoga, Senator Julius Ucha, a former Reps member, Chief Chidi Nwogu, among others. Gbazuagu disclosed that most members of the group were drawn mostly from the APC, a party he said, “strongly believes in zoning of the presidency and has indeed zoned its 2023 presidential ticket to the South.” He said based on that, “no member of the APC from the North West and the North-East has declared interest to contest for the presidency in 2023.” He said like in the just concluded national convention of the APC, there would be room for dialogue where some of the presidential aspirants would see reasons to step down and allow for a consensus arrangement. SERA, however, regretted that “other parties have not been able to make their minds about this important factor, which is a necessary ingredient for holding this country together. “The 1999 Constitution also recognizes the principles of freedom, equality and justice as fundamental for consolidating the unity of the country. “We at SERA agree and identify with the zoning of the presidential ticket and we further agree that it is the turn of the South-East geopolitical zone to produce the next president of the country in 2023. “We also recognize that the destiny of Ndigbo lies with the choice they make and our role is to guide, protect and promote the collective interest of our people.” He further stated that SERA was concerned about the future of the youths who feel betrayed and abandoned without jobs and without hope despite the enormous resources at the country’s disposal. Gbazuagu, who harped on a political solution to the detention of IPOB leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, said his group would continue to seek avenues of engaging the youths through various channels as a way of addressing the restiveness in the zone. “We will task every political aspirant seeking our support to show through their manifesto commitment, a bankable set of proposals to make a difference in the lives of our youth, anchored in a binding memorandum of understanding for the benefit of our youth,” he stated. He revealed that SERA would re-awaken the consciousness of Ndigbo to rise to the challenges of the time in Nigeria and mobilize Ndigbo to stand up to defend their fatherland through a strong partnership with like-minded regions, organizations and groups. According to him, “our vision is to restore the glorious heritage and dignity of Ndigbo standing firmly on Igbo interests and ensuring that our place is guaranteed and secured at Nigeria’s decision-making table.” SERA extended a hand of fellowship and partnership to other Nigerian nationalities of different political interests and persuasion, assuring that they would always have their commitments and obligations in the spirit of justice, equity and fairness.