Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has said those who abducted Nnamdi Kanu from Kenya and bundled him to Nigeria are the terrorists and not the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB leader. The human rights advocacy group said this while canvassing the unconditional release of the IPOB leader from detention and an end to his persecution. “We believe that those who should rather undergo prosecution as terrorists are those who abducted Nnamdi Kanu forcefully and subjected him to illegal rendition and rounds of torture before being flown into Nigeria,” the group said in a statement signed by its National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko. The rights group said it was wrong to see Nnamdi Kanu, who was flown against his will to Nigeria without compliance with international best practices and international humanitarian law, as a terrorist. “It is known that Nnamdi Kanu was forced to run for dear life after attempts were made to kill him whilst he was on bail from a Court of law,” the group added. “Those who use armed security forces to attack him in Umuahia leading to the slaughter of scores of members of the IPOB were instrumental to the decision of Nnamdi Kanu to run for dear life thereby staying away from those premeditated attackers sent to kill him. “Those were actually the real terrorists who should be prosecuted for attempting to kill a man granted bail by a Competent court of law. “This persecution of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is irregular and unconstitutional. He has not committed any offence known to law to be prosecuted for terrorism. “We are asking President Muhammadu Buhari in the spirit of fairness and for the accelerated end to the social upheavals in the South East of Nigeria, to bring to an end the mistrial of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu as a terrorist in a secret tribunal devoid of media coverage and transparency. “Mazi Nnamdi Kanu’s agitation for self-determination is backed up by article one of the international covenant on civil and political Rights which states that “All peoples have the right to self-determination. By virtue of that right, they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural rights.”