Some members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the Ibadan North East/ Ibadan South East Federal Constituency have disclosed that contrary to insinuation, aspirants who are vying for the federal constituency seat did not agree on a consensus arrangement. DAILY POST gathered that the process of picking a candidate that will represent the constituency in the 2023 election under the platform of PDP had been characterised by disagreement, argument and counter-argument. Our correspondent recalls that some members of the party had earlier kicked against the imposition of a candidate. Some of the members also called on the leadership of the party to conduct a primary election in order to pick the candidate. Our correspondent gathered that a member of the party, Mr. Dare Adeleke had on Wednesday claimed that the aspirants have agreed on a consensus arrangement. But, some members of the party under the platform of Concern Ibadan South East/ Ibadan North-East Forum have said that Mr Adeleke’s statement was far from the truth. Spokesman for Concern Ibadan South East/ Ibadan North-East Forum, Mr. Biodun Adebola who spoke with journalists on Thursday, said that such utterances from Adeleke is not new as he is synonymous with mischievous, distortion of information and a political jobber. He said that the aspirants after several attempts to agree on a consensus arrangement called on the leadership of the party to allow them to test their popularity based on their political antecedents. He said, “After the meeting at Arapaja’s house, in the evening they proceeded to the government house to brief the governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde the outcome of their meeting, where they could not reach a consensus. “At the government house, Governor Makinde emphatically told all those present that “anywhere they could not agree on a consensus, he has given his consent to go for primary. “And it is an open secret that none of the aspirants at Ambassador Arapaja’s house agreed to consensus, where on earth did Adeleke, who spent just twenty minutes out of the meeting that lasted for almost three hours get his own information. “Electoral act as amended in 2022 consensus should be 100 percent agreeable by the aspirants, where one of the aspirants disagree, primary is the next option”.