Governor Ben Ayade of Cross River State has called on Christians, political and traditional leaders as well as other stakeholders in Nigeria to exhibit characteristics of selflessness. He said such will enable the country, navigate itself from the current difficulty being experienced by Nigerians. This was contained in an Easter message by the governor signed by Mr Christian Ita, his special adviser on media and publicity. Ayade maintained that it was only through the show of love and compassion for one another and for Nigeria, sacrifice and selflessness that Nigerians can navigate through the present difficult times. ” I charge Nigerians, particularly Christians, to imbibe Christ’s virtues and make them the template for everyday living. “Of course, Christ’s death for the redemption of mankind and His resurrection represents an unwavering love, monumental sacrifice, unparalleled compassion, wholesome selflessness and definite triumph over despair. “I do not doubt that as Nigerians, these virtues if we inculcate them in our daily life, will help us navigate the present difficulties”, Ayade said. While urging politicians to put God first and embrace politics with ethics as political activities leading to the 2023 general elections hot up, the Cross River State governor opined that Easter is the veritable season for deep introspection and soul-searching. “The essence of Lent and Easter offers us all, especially the political class, a veritable opportunity for deep introspection and soul-searching to reflect on how best to move our country, Nigeria forward. “I, therefore, call on politicians to put God first, think Nigeria first, play by the rules and adopt politics with ethics as political activities leading to the 2023 general election hot up. “Like Christ, let us show love, sacrifice, compassion and selflessness so that together we can surmount our challenges and come out strong as a people united by the common desire for good” the governor further said in the Easter message.