The main opposition, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Wednesday commenced screening of Kaduna State aspirants for the upper and lower chambers of the National Assembly. The exercise took place at the party’s secretariat, Kawo, in preparation for the primary election. Yusuf Dingyadi, chairman of the Kaduna State National Assembly Screening Committee, told journalists shortly after a meeting with aspirants and other stakeholders that the committee would ensure equal treatment, fairness and a level playing ground for all the aspirants in the party. He explained that 76 aspirants comprising 63 house of representatives aspirants and 13 senate aspirants, would undergo the screening exercise between Wednesday and Friday when the exercise is expected to end in the state. He emphasized, “We have started with good footage. We had earlier met with party officials and stakeholders in the state. Today, we discussed with the aspirants to hear from them while we also told them our mission and terms of reference we are to work with.” He added that they are starting the screening today (Wednesday) with the serving members of the senate and house of representatives, saying that they have 63 aspirants who have purchased and returned their forms for the house of reps and 13 for the senate. He added that they need to do a good job to come out with the finest candidates, saying that Kaduna is dear to PDP due to its position in northern politics. The chairman noted that residents of the state are so tired of the kind of treatment they are getting from the All Progressives Congress (APC) government, stressing that it is the reason the committee would ensure that they screen up the best before going into primaries so that at the end of the day, the party can have the best match for any political party. He assured that anyone with a fraud case hanging on him, convicted or with the issue of tax clearance would not be cleared, saying that even if such a fellow scales through, the INEC and court are there to challenge him or her and they are not ready for that.