A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Lagos State, Chief Joe Igbokwe has alleged that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, sponsored the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, in 2015 after losing election. Igbokwe, in a post on Facebook, said the solution to the insecurity in the zone was for stakeholders to visit President Buhari and seek for improved security in the zone. He, however, stated that he has paid his own price to the insecurity in the zone, through the burning of his house in Nnewi last year. “President Buhari won elections in 2015 and IPOB, a branch of PDP took to the streets to vent their anger, stupidity and frustrations. Our leaders: the intelligentsia, Governors, Law Makers, University Dons, Bishops, Traditional Rulers, Business Moguls, Chieftains of Industries, Men of Issachar, the vibrant and useful Youths, and all other stakeholders in the South East looked the other way thinking that blackmail, morbid silence, and unconcerned attitudes will help. It did not. It ended in disaster, frustrations and deaths. “The one million containers of hate and bigotry we deliberately imported into South East have berthed quietly and neatly too in Igboland. We are offloading the goods into various warehouses across Igboland. They are selling like hot cakes and everybody is receiving his or her own share of the goods. “I received mine on Sunday, October 3rd 2021 in Uruagu Nnewi. President General Ohaneze Worldwide Prof George Obiozor received his own too( please know this and have inner peace: an attack on OHANEZE President General is an attack on all Igbo anywhere in the world). Akunyili Family received theirs too. The late Chu Okongwu family in Nnewi received theirs too. Governor Hope Uzodinma received his containers too. Police personnels, police formations, INEC offices, LGAs etc were not left out in the distribution of the largesse. I can go on and on.” Igbokwe said to reclaim the South East, there are two ways to go about it, one of which was to approach Buhari and seek for improved security in the zone. “Every man in Igboland must stand up and chase these bandits and criminals out of Igboland and take back our South East, the land of the rising sun. Nobody has a monopoly of violence. Force respects force. The language these bandits or Boko Haram of South East will understand now is dialogue on an equal basis. “Option two is for all the stakeholders I listed above to visit the President in Abuja and request for security to protect lives and property,” he said. He said the situation in Igboland today demands that every man in Igboland has a duty to do. He said Igboland expects every man to stand up and do his duty to the land. “I have done my duty to Igboland. Do yours now or we lose everything to criminals and bandits,” Igbokwe said.