Ekiti State workers under the umbrella of ‘Aggrieved Sacked Workers’ (ASW), have vowed to work against the victory of the gubernatorial candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Mr. Biodun Oyebanji in the June 18 election. The aggrieved workers revealed that they were employed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) administration in the state but were allegedly laid off by Governor Kayode Fayemi’s administration. The group led by Mrs. Falade Victoria and Mr. Oke Sanmi, said this in a letter presented to the Ekiti Build Back Better’s (EBBB) Spokesman, Idowu Adelusi in Ado Ekiti revealing that their members were physically and psychologically brutalized by the incident. The contents of the letter said, ‘‘Stop playing politics with our lives, some EKSU staff employed in 2016, that were confirmed in 2018 and promoted in 2019, but unlawfully disengaged by the university in 2019 on the instruction of Governor Fayemi. ”Fayemi’s govt gets 46,000 doses of Moderna vaccines, Similarly, all the 2,000 workers employed by the immediate-past PDP administration were relieved of their jobs after Governor Fayemi assumed office, apart from others who were either demoted, forced to retire or redeployed to inconvenient places on phantom allegations. “We, the disengaged EKSU staff, subsequently, dragged the university authorities to the National Industrial Court (NIC) in Akure, got a judgment nullifying our sack, but the APC government has refused to obey the court judgment till date”. “The court, through the judge, Justice K. D. Damulak, had, on January 28, 2021, in suit No NCN/AK/06/2020, gave a declaration that the disengagement of all the named and unnamed claimants from their appointments via letters of 5th December 2019 is illegal, null and void. They, however, urged the Ekiti State government to obey the court order reinstating their appointment with the payment of their accumulated salaries and allowances from the date of the disengagement to the date of the said judgment.