The Bauchi State chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) on Monday urged Christian politicians in the state to not only unite but also speak with one voice and be purposeful in the discharge of their official functions even as aspirants among them were told to consult among themselves and field consensus candidates in next year’s general elections. The advice was given by the state CAN chairman, Reverend Abraham Damina Dimeus, while speaking at the annual Easter rally held at First Baptist Church, Bauchi. The CAN boss said the call on aspirants to consult and bring consensus candidates was with a view to avoiding the situation whereby the support of the Christian community in the state would be divided in the 2023 general elections. He asserted that the Christian community in the state should not miss the chance to be elected in the next round of elections in the state next year. “As a community, we have to be united, work together so that we will not miss the chance to be elected. A situation whereby 10 people are aspiring for one elective office does not augur well for us. “We don’t have the number as you know; we, therefore, must be united to win. We will meet with all of the aspirants, discuss with them and see how to reach a consensus so that we can speak with one voice,” Rev Dimeus said. While admonishing Christians to fully participate in the electoral process, the CAN chairman urged the faithful to ensure that they get registered and collect their permanent voter’s cards (PVCs). Dimeus informed that the state was awarded hosting the annual general meeting of the National Association of Religious Educators, which would hold next week, adding that the association was finding it difficult to garner enough resources to hold the event He, however, appealed to the Bauchi State government to come to the aid of the Christian community in the state to enable it to host the AGM. “The state was granted the hosting rights but as it is now, hosting is becoming difficult due to lack of enough resources by the state chapter of the Association. We have to resort to hosting it in the church. We appeal to the state government to come to our aid,” the CAN chairman pleaded. He also called on churches in the state to make voluntary contributions to support the association to enable it to host the meeting. Dimeus informed that there were strong indications that the state government had paid for the new Christian graveyard, saying that the government had, however, not officially handed over the place to CAN. The chairman then gave the directive that from next year all CAN activities should be held at the association’s yet to be completed secretariat. According to him, “with that, we are sure of completing it as holding our activities there will always remind us to do the needful.”