Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The number of victims in the illegal oil refinery fire disaster has risen, bringing the number so far recovered to 110. The Head of Operations, National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Mr Ifeanyi Nnaji, said the latest addition was a pregnant woman whose belly burst, exposing the foetus. 2. Bandits yesterday abducted a mother and her daughter, as well as a commercial driver conveying them to Kaduna after a humanitarian service at Mariri community in Lere Local Government Area of the State. The bandits have demanded N100m from the family of the victims. 3. The Islamic State in West African Province (ISWAP) has claimed responsibility for the attack on a police station in Adavi, Okene Local Government Area of Kogi State. Gunmen had invaded the station in the early hours of Saturday killing at least three officers. 4. Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State has asked former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar to step down for him, saying he has accumulated a gamut of experience to run the affairs of the country if elected president of Nigeria in 2023. The former FCT minister said he is more prepared as he is young, strong, and agile. 5. The Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF) has distanced itself from reports that it has endorsed former Senate President Bukola Saraki and Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed as consensus presidential aspirants of PDP from the North. The announcement of Mohammed and Saraki as northern consensus presidential aspirants of the PDP by Prof. Ango Abdullahi on Friday has continued to generate reactions. 6. An early morning rainstorm in some parts of Lagos State, on Sunday, left many residents counting their losses, as they bemoaned the destruction that followed the downpour. A resident on Muri Okunola Street, near Burger Chicken, Victoria Island, Stan Evans, said the rainstorm uprooted trees in the community, which fell on at least five cars and several buildings. 7. The wanted leader of a notorious bandit gang terrorising communities in Benue, Nasarawa and Taraba States, Leggi Jibrin, has been arrested after a gun battle with troops of Operation Whirl Stroke, OPWS, the joint military/security operation covering the three States. 8. Chief Mrs. Christiana Njideka Ezeife, wife of the first Civilian Governor of Anambra State, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife (Okwadike Igbo Ukwu) is dead. Anambra State Governor, Prof Charles Soludo made the announcement in a statement yesterday. 9. A businesswoman, Chinyere Emeka-Atu, has been accused of defrauding traders and market women of over N600m in Lagos State. The victims were said to have been promised a return of N200,000 cash and N90,000 worth of foodstuffs after nine months of investments in a Ponzi scheme. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has described the explosion that rocked an illegal crude oil refinery in Abaezi forest in Ohaji-Egbema Local Government Area of Imo State as a national disaster. He directed the armed forces, security and intelligence agencies to intensify clampdown on illegal refineries following reported deaths of tens of people in the disaster.