The governorship candidate of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Ekiti State, Chief Segun Oni has told Governor Kayode Fayemi to deploy his experience as a war studies expert to tackle senseless killings, kidnapping and ritual killings in the state. The former governor spoke yesterday during his familiarisation visit to the party members in Oye, Ikole, Ekiti East and Gbonyi local government areas of the state, ahead of the election. Oni, who charged the people to get prepared for the task ahead said, “God willing, SDP will govern Ekiti and Nigeria after winning the governorship and presidential election, so be prepared because a serious matter must demand a serious approach”. On the rising cases of kidnapping in the state, the SDP candidate said the issue has become a serious war against the state and the nation, which must be tackled with all seriousness. He said, “I am calling on governor Kayode Fayemi, PhD in War Studies, to use his knowledge to tackle kidnapping in the state. Kidnappers have declared war on our people, this has been going on since about 4 years ago and it has not ceased. As an engineer, I will fix any engineering facing the state. “He should not only chase them away but arrest them and bring them to book. This he should do before October 16, 2022, when he will be leaving office to justify the mandate the people gave him four years ago”. He urged the electorate not to surrender their voter cards to anybody saying ” you must secure it to vote for good governance, freedom and use it to send them away”. Also speaking in Efon, Ijero and Ekiti West Local Governments, Oni , urged the SDP members to begin door-to-door campaigns and mobilisation across markets and farmsteads to sensitise the people to vote him on election day. Oni described the People’s Democratic Party, regarded as a major opposition in Ekiti as a dead party that will be buried on June 18, saying ” The party is dead we will only do the funeral with this coming election”. The former governor assured that he would utilise the little resources accruable to Ekiti to develop the state the way he did during his first term. Oni said there is no magic in governance, adding that all government programmes, including infrastructure and human capital development, will be attained if a leader can refrain from corruption and make the right sacrifices. “You knew what I represent, I am not a leader that can embezzle your money or a leader that will deprive workers and masses of their entitlements, so I will spend whatever meant for the state on all our citizens”. Oni said those scrambling for the state and National Assembly seats under SDP need not offer bribes to any leader, saying all eligible members can aspire for any political position without discrimination. “We are not going to impose anybody. It was an imposition that killed Ekiti APC and PDP and that shouldn’t happen in SDP. We must be seen to be transparent and fair to all. Our primary will be a benchmark and nothing more”. Speaking against the alleged imposition of candidates in APC and the PDP, Oni said: “How can two families be planning to corner Ekiti’s resources? We won’t allow this to happen. “What SDP means to Ekiti is total freedom. Whoever doesn’t want to be enslaved should leave PDP and APC and join us to rescue Ekiti from pillagers”.