Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. For the umpteenth time, the National Grid has collapsed, plunging the nation into darkness. The fresh collapse sparked outrage among Nigerians, particularly on social media. 2. Popular Nigerian gospel musician, Osinachi Nwachukwu is dead. The talented musician, who was popular for her hit song, ‘Ekwueme’, passed on yesterday according to sources. 3. Governor Chukwuma Soludo, yesterday, revealed that the arsonists, who destroyed Ekwulobia, the headquarters of Aguata Local Government Area of the State, are not from Anambra State. He said that the attack was carried out by fleeing criminals who were chased from their operational camp and hideout by Nigerian security forces. 4. Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Tambuwal has described the country under President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress, APC, as lacking in direction. Tambuwal, who is also the Chairman of PDP Governors’ Forum, said this while speaking with journalists in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State on Friday. 5. The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has said Nigerians being detained in Poland were forewarned of the consequence. Dabiri-Erewa, who had condemned the detention, said the detainees were advised against staying back during the evacuation by the Nigerian government. 6. Some soldiers were ambushed at Osisioma, Tonimas junction, Aba, Abia State, in the wee hours of Friday. According to an eyewitness, the gunmen, who took the troops unaware, set patrol vehicles on fire. 7. The sit-at-home order of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, grounded economic activities in the South-East States, Friday, for the second time in the week, after it was held last Monday. It was gathered that residents were all forced to stay at home having been told by the enforcers of the sit-at-home not to come out. 8. Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court, on Friday, barred journalists from covering the ongoing trial of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu. The court was billed to rule on an application Kanu filed to quash the 15-count treasonable felony charge the Federal Government preferred against him. 9. The Federal Government, on Friday, fulfilled its promise of allocating houses to the victorious 1994 Super Eagles Team after 28 years. The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, handed over the Certificate of Occupancy of a three-bedroom apartment to each team member in Abuja. 10. An Abuja Federal High Court on Friday ruled on the terrorism charges against Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Justice Binta Nyako struck out eight of the 15 counts against Kanu.