The All Progressives Congress, APC, in Imo State has expressed concern over the failure of opposition parties to condemn the unreasonable and unwarranted attack on the country home of the Imo State Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Chief C.O.C. Akaolisa and other political leaders in Orsu Local Government Area. The ruling party said it expected the opposition parties to at least demonstrate genuine humanity and responsibility as political parties and citizens by speaking out against the unwholesome acts of the criminals and so-called, ” freedom fighters,” The APC stated this on Monday, in a statement signed by Cajetan Duke, State Publicity Secretary made available to DAILY POST in Owerri, Imo State capital. The statement reads,” With pains and deep sense of loss, the State Executive Committee (SEC) of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Imo chapter condemns in the strongest terms the recent unreasonable and unwarranted attack on the country home of the Imo State Attorney – General and Commissioner for Justice, Chief C.O.C. Akaolisa in Orsu Local Government Area, LGA. APC said despite the fact that the criminals have not clearly stated their motives, one thing certain is that they are on a mission to make Imo State and particularly Orsu appear ungovernable but they have failed as the APC-led government of Distinguished Senator Hope Uzodimma will never allow an inch of Imo territory to be occupied and controlled by hardened criminals and social misfits. “Prior to the latest complete burning of the country, the same criminals and their shameless sponsors and accomplices within and outside the shores of the State, had completely burned the Orsu LGA Secretariat, the house of Honourable Commissioner, Imo State Ministry of Labour, Employment and Productivity, Chief Prince Ford Ozumba and country home of member representing Orsu State Constituency in Imo State House of Assembly, Hon. Ekene Nnodumele. These are apart from houses of other political leaders that have been razed in the same Orsu Local Government Area. “The party said while we commiserate with our own Chief Akaolisa, who has served the State and our great party with zeal, we as a party equally want to assure him and other victims of the vicious attacks of our unflinching support during this trying moment and pray that Almighty God will grant them the fortitude to bear the losses. “The party also seized this opportunity to assure Imo people that the government of Senator Hope Uzodimma has initiated tough measures to end the menace of these proven enemies of the masses that deceive some people with the false claim of being “freedom fighters.” APC said ,”The people of Imo State are hereby encouraged to support the government in its efforts to rid Imo of all forms of criminality by providing useful information to the appropriate authorities for prompt action. “On the other hand, we condemn the silence of the opposition, which is worrisome as the APC expected them to at least demonstrate genuine humanity and responsibility as citizens by speaking out against the unwholesome acts of the criminals and so called, ” freedom fighters,”because violence and insecurity are not discriminatory. An injury to one is an injury to all. Violence is an Ill-wind that blows none any good. “We also note with concern that the destruction of state assets the police stations and council areas, and note that incapacitating the authorities is one way we expose ourselves to more risks. Let’s remember that every of our action will return to us to account either now or hereafter” “Without doubt, the task of securing Imo State is a collective effort hence every law-abiding Imo citizen must rise against these devilish criminals that are diligently bent on destroying Imo State as directed by their sponsors.To those criminals, we say, you will never succeed and you will neither destroy the State nor the strong will of the masses.”