The Imo State Police Command on Saturday said it has busted a criminal hideout of some suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra/ Eastern Security Network who attempted the foiled attack on Mbieri Police Station in the Mbaitoli Council area of the state. The police said it recovered three locally-made pistols, one cut to size gun, one Beretta pistol number NAF-P 3296, four rounds of live cartridges, two police belts and one Eastern Security Network uniform. Police spokesperson, Michael Abattam, who revealed this in a statement obtained by DAILY POST in Owerri on Saturday said a blue Toyota Corolla LE and one Ash colour Acura MDX SUV vehicle, one black beret, one army camouflage scarf, two big sacks of weeds suspected to be Indian hemp, and one iron saw blade were also recovered. The Command said, “Sequel to the recent foiled attack on Mbieri Police Station, on 01/04/2022 by suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra / Eastern Security Network, its militia wing, the Command’s Tactical Teams under the watch of the Deputy Commissioner of police in charge of Operations /Acting Commissioner of Police, DCP MAMMAN B. GIWA, did not relent in their efforts to arrest the hoodlums who attempted the foiled attack on the station.” “Police operatives, after a diligent gathering of credible intelligence which revealed that one Solomon Umunakwu and Uzoma Umunakwe both natives of Mbieri in Mbaitoli LGA of Imo State, escapees from Imo Correctional Center Jail Break of 5th April 2021, Kelechi Onuoma aka Ikaba and kelvin Onuoma aka Alabalaba both natives of Atta in Njaba LGA of Imo State in the company of their gang members led the foiled attack on Mbieri Police Station. “The police tactical teams on the same day of the incident at about 1450 hours, mobilised and stormed the house of Solomon Umunakwu in Mbieri.” According to the command,” The hoodlums on sighting the police operatives took to their heels abandoning their two operational vehicles used during the foiled attack, a Blue Colour Toyota Corolla LE with registration number ABC 695 HA and one Ash colour Acura MDX SUV vehicle with registration number RRT 149 AG respectively. “The police operatives are on an aggressive manhunt for the fleeing hoodlums.” The acting Commissioner of Police, Imo Command, DCP Mamman B. GIWA, psc, commended the officers and men for their proactiveness. He urged them not to leave any stone unturned until the hoodlums are smoked out of hiding to face the full wrath of the law. He then enjoined Imolites to continue to support the police and other security agencies with credible information that will lead to the arrest of criminal elements in their vicinity.