Awoof Cars Company conducts its business in a manner that satisfaction is guaranteed such that there wouldn’t have to be any issue with our clients. The difference between the rich and the poor is information. When prospective buyers ask if we are a car dealer, we tell them we are not, but a broker: A Broker is a company or an individual who arranges transactions between the seller and the buyer for a commission when the deal is executed. Our services attract a flat charge of N100, 000. You can pay for any car we won directly to the auction by yourself if you have bank account with any Nigerian bank or we help you pay immediately we will land the car in a more affordable price that fit your budget compared to what the dealers are selling here in Nigeria and that is if you follow our processes. This is what our company has for clients compared to what dealers in Nigerian will offer you. 1. We make sure we buy cars that are affordable and fit your budget. Do you know you can actually get any TOYOTA products or any type of products for a low budget as far as you are ready to pay a security deposit? We shall teach you how it works. We have been in existence since for sometimes. You just have to trust our company and be ready to work with us, if not you will keep spending a lot for a car dealer; we understand you might be skeptical to part with your money pending the arrival of the car. We only require a security deposit of N180, 000 (Refundable fees) to kick start the process and to be sure we are dealing with a serious client. This deposit can be called back if you change your mind, we will honorably refund it. 2. We will buy a car that has a SECURED AIRBAG; do you know that 72 per cent of cars on Nigerian roads do not have an Airbag? These are the cheapest cars in auction and that is what the dealers will sell for you after fixing them in Nigeria. They do this because some people just want to buy car they see irrespective of the condition. We make sure we do not buy front damaged car for you, do you know that 34 per cent of car in Nigeria have a flood history and that is why the air-conditioner will never work perfectly. Ordinarily, a good car should have a chilly air-conditioner. 4. At Awoof cars, we will never buy a severely damaged vehicle for you but you can get a car that has a dent at the back and not in the front because of the engine. Any car that has had head-on collision, there is the tendency that the engine would have been affected. Actually, up to 80 per cent of cars in Nigeria have a history of being front damaged. Below is how our services work: 1. Search for any car of your choice. Send us the Name, model and year of the car you are interested in, or we can help you search and send you three different pictures and you will have to choose anyone you like but we may have to advise you on your budget and also advise professionally on any car you choose. 2. You pay for only PURCHASE and SHIPPING after we have won the bid and our company shall be responsible for tracking and clearing payment. We then send you the bill of lading after 3-4 weeks and our delivery duration is just 40 days as we ship by Grimardli and AES. Our company will handle the clearance by paying a genuine and reasonable custom duty and you pay us balance after you come to our office for inspection or you are free to engage your own clearing agent but make sure you are not short changed as to allow the car to be free from Nigeria Custom Disturbance all the time it travel inter state this is to give assurance to our prospective clients that we shall deliver on our promise and we also believed that they shall not owe us or breached the terms of contract as specified in our terms of engagement as we don’t want to tie our capital down. You can take a step of faith by visiting our physical office and meet with our representatives who will take you through the process or fill our contact form on the website after paying the security deposit. Please note that security deposit is still part of your money which can be deducted after final approval or sale. 5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD GET YOUR CAR THROUGH US 1. It allows you to know the history of the car you are buying. 2. It allows you to know the true pictures of the Odometers or Mileage. 3. It allows you to differentiate between Flood car, Salvage car and Clean title car. 4. It allows you to know the condition of the Engine and air-conditioning. 5. It allows you to distinguish between the car they sell here in Nigeria and the one we will auction/import for you from the USA. It is time to stop concluding that a car is good when the body is neat but time to start looking at the above stated reasons. Basically, the car we import will serve you for the next 5 years if you know how to maintain car as they come with MANUAL and these cars are like new but it has been used by few user/users in USA and you will see the history through the VIN CHECK REPORT. We thank those who that have done business with us from Portharcourt, Abuja and Northern Nigeria and those that have visited our office, Those that have sent money without coming and those that have just placed their order, as we urge them to keep referring us to their relatives, friends, colleagues and associates. Only the company account is allowed to be paid to and not in any individual account. For those people asking us to open in Abuja soon our office in Abuja shall be opened. Visit our website www.awoofcarauction.com today to get started, or walk into our main office in Lagos to interact with our experienced customer service manager. AWOOF CARS AUCTION SERVICES INT’L LIMITED 35B ABISOGUN LEIGH, OGBA, IKEJA, Lagos Phone: 08023851599, 01-2911515 Email info@awoofcarauction.com Mobile/WhatsApp 08023851599. Website: www.awoofcarauction.com