As the next year’s general election draws nearer, the governors from the South on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have insisted that the 2023 presidential ticket be zoned to the South for fairness and equity. DAILY POST reports that the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom-led 37-man PDP zoning committee had earlier reportedly recommended that the 2023 ticket be thrown open. Coming out from a meeting in the early hours of Saturday in Akwa Ibom House, Abuja, the PDP Southern Governors stressed that they were committed to the party’s unity. They insisted that the best thing to do for the unity of the party was to zone the presidential ticket to the South. Speaking on behalf of his colleagues, Vice Chairman of the PDP Governors’ Forum, Okezie Ikpeazu said they have watched with keen interest the developments in the party, especially concerning zoning. He stated that “our position is that first, we are committed to the unity of our party and we have worked hard to make sure that this party remains a strong and viable vehicle to rescue Nigeria come 2023. “Be that as it may, we want to draw your attention to the fact that we have agreed as Southern Governors in Lagos and also in Delta that this party has to respect the zoning principle as enshrined in our Constitution, and to that effect, we feel that the best thing to do is to zone the presidency to the South, and we stand on that position.” He continued, “we have not seen any reason to change our position, because the Party was founded based on equity and justice. And we also think that equity and justice an important pillars that will ultimately stabilize our politics towards our journey in rescuing Nigeria. “This is our position and that is why we have met today”. On media reports that the zoning committee threw it open because of the number of aspirants that have already purchased the forms, he lambasted the committee for taking a critical decision based on that He said: “Let me tell you something, if you want to take a position of policy, you don’t look at problems in their face and take a decision. You take a decision and remain firm on that decision. “We think what this country is lacking today is our ability to dispense equity and justice. It may be difficult, it may be a bitter pill but we need to stand with the truth”. The meeting was attended by the Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, Governor of Akwa Ibom State, Udom Emmanuel, Governor of Bayelsa State, Douye Diri and Governor of Enugu State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi.