The Senator representing Imo West in the Senate and the former Governor of Imo state, Senator Rochas Okorocha has said the National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) led by Senator Abdullahi Adamu will give the party the best candidates to contest various elective position ahead of the 2023 elections. Okorocha stated this on Tuesday while briefing journalists after a closed-door meeting with the Chairman at the party’s secretariat. The lawmaker said he was still in the presidential race, having made his intention known to the whole world and Nigerians that he would be contesting for the office of the president. He, however, said it was appropriate that Nigerians take a second look at vision, not ambition, stressing that everyone can have ambition, but not everyone has the vision to move this nation forward. He words, “What is important at this stage is for all of us Nigerians to understand the mood of the nation which is very important. Aspiration is one thing, yet the vision is another thing. I think Nigerians should be able to separate aspiration, and ambition from vision. If you have ambition without vision, you will be wasting time, you will contribute nothing. But if you have a vision, then it is appropriate that you should lead the people because where there is no vision the people perish.” The party chieftain also expressed worry that the ruling party was racing against time to conduct party primaries for various elective positions ahead of next year’s election. Okorocha stated: “We literally have no time left to conduct party primaries. So, this present working committee has a lot on their table to deal with and it requires faster and bigger steps to get this done. “But as you know, internal democracy is very key in this country and I believe that the present excos will ensure beautiful internal democracy where all will be happy and no one will feel deprived or cheated. “They will do their best and I have confidence in them that they will give us the best of candidates which includes; President, governors, Senators and others.”