Fidelity Bank has reacted to the picketing of some branches by the Amalgamated Union of Public Corporation Civil Service and Recreational Services Employees (AUPCTRE). The action was carried out to enforce a Garnishee Order Absolute made by the National Industrial Court, Enugu. The union had approached the National Industrial Court (NIC) for the enforcement of an arbitral award. It was obtained against Anambra State Urban Water Holding Corporation and Anambra State Waste Management Authority by way of a Garnishee Order against the accounts of Anambra State Government in Fidelity Bank. In a ruling delivered on January 11, 2022, the National Industrial Court made the Garnishee Order Absolute against Fidelity Bank and another bank. However, the Judgment Debtors, Anambra State Urban Water Holding Corporation and Anambra State Waste Management Authority, immediately filed a Notice of Appeal dated the 12th day of January 2022. They also filed a Motion for Stay of Execution of the Order of Court dated the same 12th day of January 2022. In a statement Thursday night, Fidelity Bank noted that AUPCTRE is aware of the processes as they were served on them. It said the Motion for Stay of Execution is still pending and had not yet been heard nor determined when the AUPCTRE “took the law into its hands” to attack the institution. The public company told the public that it was a law-abiding Corporate Citizen guided by the rule of law. Fidelity Bank said parties that have submitted their processes to the court should follow the due process of the law to enforce their rights and not take the law into their hands. The statement described picketing as an industrial dispute resolution mechanism reserved for the settlement of industrial disputes. “Fidelity Bank has no industrial dispute with the Union as to warrant the picketing of any of our branches. “The attack on our Bank by the Union is an irresponsible use of brute force by the Union on a law-abiding corporate citizen. “We remain committed to the due process of the law, and we wish to assure all our customers of our unwavering commitment to providing them with superior service delivery”, it concluded.