Chairman, Senate Committee on Local Content, Senator Teslim Folarin, has described the passage of the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Atanda Olayiwola Adeyemi as shocking. Folarin, who represents Oyo Central Senatorial District made this disclosure on Saturday. DAILY POST had in the early hours of Saturday reported that the monarch joined his ancestors. Our correspondent gathered that Oba Adeyemi who ascended the throne 52 years ago died late Friday. The monarch passed away at Afe Babalola University Teaching Hospital in Ado Ekiti. The traditional ruler died at the age of 83. Folarin in a statement made available to DAILY POST explained that the monarch was like a father to him. The Ayingun Olubadan of Ibadanland added that the monarch was the most articulate monarch he had ever seen. Folarin added that the monarch was a great asset to the black race. He spoke further by saying that the monarch would be missed by all in many respects. Folarin maintained that the monarch contributed to the stability of Oyo State, Yorubaland and Nigeria. He said, “Iku Baba Yeye’s demise is shocking and indeed a personal loss to me. By the death of the Alaafin, Nigeria has lost a great father, patriot and nationalist whose contributions to the stability of Oyo State, Yorubaland and Nigeria was enormous. “Baba departed at a time when his wise counsel would have been needed to navigate through the nation’s trying times. He was not only a peacemaker but also a legendary king that reigned in two different centuries. Similarly, a former secretary to Oyo state government, Barrister Sharafadeen Abiodun Alli described the monarch as Yoruba history encyclopaedia and custodian of Yoruba cultural heritage. Alli in a statement made available to DAILY POST said that he received the news of the death of the monarch with shock. He added that the death of the monarch is coming at a time when the people of the state needed his wealth of experience. Alli said, “I condole with the people of Oyo town, the family of Alaafin and the entire descendants of Yoruba nation in Nigeria and diaspora on the death of Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, Iku baba yeye. “His death is coming at a time when the people of the state need his wealth of experience to reshape and strengthen economic and political activities in our dear I’m state. Alaafin as encyclopaedia of Yoruba history will be sorely missed.”