Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the Senator representing Plateau Northern Zone in the National Assembly, Istifanus Gyang said for Nigeria to come out of the myriad of challenges bedevilling it as a country, it needs a focused leadership. He said the focused leader has to be connected to the citizens and be passionate about transforming the nation from the state of “despair and hopelessness” brought upon it by the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Gyang disclosed this in Jos, the Plateau State Capital while speaking with journalists after receiving his clearance certificate to participate in the upcoming senatorial primary election in the state. He said, “The opportunity to represent Plateau North in the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, is an opportunity to be a voice of Plateau North and that of Plateau State in the Nigerian project through the National Assembly. The Lawmaker who is the Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Defence, maintained that “It is very critical because what this nation need is focused leadership, that is connected to the people, passionate about transforming Nigeria, from the state of despair and hopelessness that has been brought upon the nation by the APC led government. “That is why returning to the National Assembly is so critical, because of the role of the National Assembly in the governance of this nation. “It is also an opportunity to address the critical issues of the safety and security of the Nigerian citizens, particularly in the North, where terrorism, banditry and insurgency has become the order of the day”, he explained. “We cannot sit by and allow this our great nation to be run over by the forces of darkness. According to him, “The only alternative for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing and as part of the good men in this nation, I will not sit by and allow our nation to be taken over by evil forces”. On whether he will still pursue the Bill seeking to change the name of Barkin Ladi LGA to its historical name of Gwol, if he is re-elected in 2023, Gyang said, “Like with my colleagues in Kano, remember there is a name of a local government that was called Kunchi (which means bondage), and they needed to change from a negative rendition to something that is positive. “Leadership is an opportunity to correct certain historical errors, denials and injustices. “So when we see an error of history, it is necessary for it to be connected, and that is part of the advocacy that has to do with the issue of the aforementioned Local Government in my senatorial zone, and that will continue until the error is corrected”, he stressed.