Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The bandits, who abducted passengers on a Kaduna-bound train last month, have threatened to kill them if the federal government fails to meet their demands. In a video released on Wednesday, the armed men said they were not interested in money, adding that the Federal Government knows what they were asking for. 2. A former Senate president, Bukola Saraki, yesterday, submitted the report of the National Reconciliation and Strategy Committee (NRSC) to the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), with a charge on the party to make sure that the primaries are fair and just to all. 3. Former Nigeria’s President, Goodluck Jonathan, yesterday evening, escaped death after he was involved in an auto crash in Abuja. It was gathered that the accident claimed the lives of two of his aides, Inspectors Ibrahim Abazi and Yakubu Toma. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the immediate re-deployment of Mohammed H. Abdullahi as the substantive Minister of Environment. The redeployment, which was communicated through a terse statement from the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, said it was with effect from April 6, 2022. 5. The Senate has urged the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs to liaise with the Ghanaian Government to strengthen bilateral relations between both countries to prevent the maltreatment of Nigerians entering Ghana. 6. The All Progressives Grand Alliance Party, (APGA), says its nomination fees have been cut down for women and youths by 50 per cent, to enable them to contest in any position, come 2023 general elections. The Ebonyi Chairman of APGA, Mr Ricky Okorouka, said this yesterday. 7. The Comrade Uchenna Madu-led Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State Of Biafra, MASSOB, has advised the South-East Governors to immediately set up a security committee to interface with all the leadership of pro-Biafra organizations to find solutions on how peace and security of life and property could be restored in Igbo land. 8. The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, on Wednesday, had a closed-door meeting with some other politicians aspiring for the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, ticket in the 2023 elections. Wike, who had also declared interest in the presidential race, hosted the aspirants in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital. 9. Kidnapped Managing Director of the Bank of Agriculture, Alwan Ali-Hassan, was released in the spirit of Ramadan, his captors have said. The terrorists made this known in an 81-second video posted on Twitter by a Senior Conflict Analyst at the Tony Blair Institute, Bulama Bukarti. 10. Spain has criminalised the harassment or intimidation of women going for an abortion under new legislation approved on Wednesday by the Senate. The measure was proposed by Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez’s Socialist party and will come into effect after being published in the official State bulletin in coming days.