The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi has described the late Alaafin of Oyo, Lamidi Adeyemi III as a great monarch who saw Oyo through civilisation and modernisation without doing away with the cultural sacredness of the ancient throne. Ooni Ogunwusi also said Oba Adeyemi’s passing was a great loss to the entire Yoruba race as he was a worthy leader whose life was dedicated to the promotion of the Yoruba culture and advancement of humanity. Making this known in a statement by Moses Olafare, his Director of Media and Publicity on Saturday, the Ife monarch revealed that he had a great working relationship with the late Oyo monarch. According to Ogunwusi, “The late Alaafin gave his best in resolving major conflicts in Yoruba land and uniting all sons and daughters of Oduduwa globally, among other landmark achievements. “The late Alaafin is one of the privileged elders who contributed to the growth of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and also saw the country through military and democratic eras with unquantifiable positive inputs. He recalled his last encounter with Alaafin Adeyemi in early March, where the departed king promised to make his first visit to the Ooni before the middle of this year. While praying for the repose of the soul of the Alaafin, he also prayed God to give the family the fortitude to bear the loss. Ooni Ogunwusi also prayed for spiritual guidance for the Oyomesi as they handle the traditional rites leading to the proper burial of the late revered monarch and the selection of a new one to replace him. Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi III, Alaafin Oyo died on Friday evening at the Afe Babalola University Teaching Hospital, Ado-Ekiti during the course of a routine medical check-up DAILY POST learnt on Saturday morning. The remains of the late monarch was later returned to Oyo town and interred according to Islamic and traditional rites. The Basorun of Oyo has since assumed as regent pending the announcement of another candidate to succeed Oba Adeyemi.