There is confusion amongst the political class in Warri South Constituency II in Delta State following the declaration of interest to contest the State House of Assembly seat by the Chairman of the Warri South Local Government Council, Dr. Michael Tidi. Tidi intends to contest against the incumbent member of the house, Matthew Poko Opuoru. The People’s Democratic Party, PDP, in the area seem divided over the matter. The contestants are now playing the ethnic cards, suddenly remembering they’re Urhobo and Itsekiri respectively. The contestants are weeping up ethnic sentiments with a view to grabbing the party’s ticket at the primary election for themselves. However, some members of the party who are Urhobos are divided against themselves while some are in support of Dr. Tidi’s candidature. A few others are against it and standing very strong in support of the incumbent, Matthew Poko Opuoru. The Itsekiris in the Okere-Urhobo Kingdom are equally divided against themselves. Some are in support of Opuoru and others for Dr. Tidi. There are speculations that Dr Tidi’s offence is leaving Constituency I where he is from to contest in Constituency II. This is allegedly the anger of the people who are majorly from Okere-Urhobo in Warri South. While some believe Dr. Tidi has done well in the administration of the Warri South Council, they allege he is trying to cause a serious crisis amongst the Urhobos and Itsekiris in Warri. Our Correspondent reports that Dr. Michael Tidi has purchased his nomination form to contest the seat while Matthew Poko Opuoru has also purchased his, to recontest the same seat. Recently, Opuoru declared his intentions to recontest for a second term before the Orosuen of Okere-Urhobo Kingdom, HRM. Emmanuel Ono Okumagba as well as the National leader of Urhobos in Warri South Local Government Area, Chief Israel Abido when he paid them a consultative visit. He had said, “In Urhobo, I am there”. pointing out that he is also of Izon ethnic nationality hence he was named Opuoru. In his words, “I played Urhobo Politics to become a lawmaker.” Efforts to speak with the current Warri South Council boss were unsuccessful as his media aide, Mr. Francis Sadhere is yet to respond to a message sent to him.