Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has slammed the military and the security agencies watching with folded arms while herdsmen continue to launch deadly attacks and killing innocent citizens in some parts of the South East. The rights group said this while condemning the latest invasion of communities in the Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State by the herdsmen. Again, innocent villagers are said to have been slaughtered by the killer herders during the attack. HURIWA, in a statement by its National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko, condemned attacks in the South East as unprovoked and despicable, adding that they were becoming unbecoming. According to the human rights organisation, the military, the police and the other security agencies have continue to watch on without making efforts to halt the attacks, clamp down on the marauding herders and protect the indigenous community dwellers. HURIWA said that security agents have simply sat back and watched communities invaded and attacked before reacting belatedly. According to the group, not even one killer herdsmen has been successfully prosecuted for the crimes against humanity and the horrendous mass murders of rural farmers in the South East of Nigeria. Residents of Imama Ugbawka in Nkanu East and Umuhu Eha-Amufu in the Isi-Uzo LGA of Enugu were thrown to mourning following the killing of three persons by suspected herdsmen in separate attacks on Tuesday and Wednesday. “These killer herders have slaughtered, raped and kidnapped many Igbo farmers simply for cultivating the lands of Ndigbo. This is abominable and wholly condemnable,” HURIWA cried out. “It is also condemnable that instead of going after these Fulani marauders whose stock in trade is bloodletting, security agents are culpable of permitting the intermittent attacks even after far-reaching mechanisms are put in place by the Enugu State governor to promote inter Ethnic and inter religious harmony in Enugu State. “Also, the security agents have not been cooperative in the enforcement of the anti-open grazing ban unanimously put in place by the five South-East governors as part of measures to checkmate these attacks. “HURIWA asserts that security agents are culpable in these ferocious attacks in Igboland by blood-thirsty Fulani herders. HURIWA challenges the Nigerian Army, the Nigeria Police Force, and others to prove it wrong by coming on the top of their game to stop these unprovoked aggression and attacks against communities.” The group said that it was unfathomable that despite every comprehensive effort by the government of Enugu State led by Governor Ugwuanyi to make Northerners feel at home in the state, the appreciation he earns is the killing of his people by the wandering Fulani herdsmen.