Chairman of the ruling party in Cross River State, the All Progressives Congress, APC, Alphonsus Eba has strongly argued that his party has not zoned the 2023 governorship election to any part of the State. But at more than two public events, Gov Ben Ayade had assured that power would return to the Cross River South since the Central and the North have taken their turns. Aspirants, elders and stakeholders from Cross River South have seriously frowned at the position of the APC chairman, saying it amounted to a denial of their entitlement. Similarly, other contenders and politicians from Cross River Central held a meeting rejecting the governor’s unilateral declaration. Speaking yesterday when the governor’s very close friend, an oil magnate and business tycoon, from Cross River central, declared his intention for the gubernatorial race, the APC chairman rather insisted that his party had at no point zoned the governorship seat to any Zone or individual. He declared that aspirations for 2023 governorship can come from any part of the State. He maintained that the governor had the right to express his personal opinion because it was his fundamental human right to do so, yet it was not valid. He charged aspirants vying for various positions in 2023 to note that the ticket was in the hands of the electorate in the villages and at the grassroots level. “Coming to the Party Secretariat doesn’t guarantee the party tickets: the party ticket is in the hands of the electorates, but I can assure you that you have all the needed support,” he said. He enjoined party stalwarts and supporters to ensure they have a valid PVC, while urging them not to register twice, but to get proper information on how to validate their already existing PVC. Speaking, the aspirant urged the party to give them a level-playing field to participate and explore their various options. “I want to urge the party to provide a level-playing field for us, the aspirants. We are all important in the success journey of our great party,” he noted.