Some members of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ibadan North East/Ibadan South East federal constituency have advised leaders of the party to conduct primary election in order to pick a candidate for the party in the 2023 elections. They noted that any attempt to impose any candidate on the members of the party will spell doom for the party. Our correspondent recalls that some chieftains of PDP in the federal constituency had earlier kicked against automatic ticket for the member of House of Representatives representing the constituency, Hon. Abass Adigun. Some members of the party, however, on Tuesday called on the leaders of the party to conduct primary election to choose the candidate. The members explained that this is a necessity in order to ensure that the right candidate is presented for the election. They insisted that any attempt to impose Adigun on the people may spell doom for the party. A PDP stalwart from Ibadan South-East local government area, Mr. Biodun Adebola, who spoke on behalf of Concern IBSE/IBNE Forum, said that the only way of the present disagreement in the federal constituency is for the party to conduct primary election. Adebola, who spoke on behalf of other members of the forum, called on Governor Seyi Makinde to intervene. He advised the leaders of the party to give room for primary election. He maintained that consensus has failed and any attempt to impose a candidate will spell doom for the party. Adebola while speaking on Tuesday said, “Incumbent should be the person to have an edge over other aspirants if he has done well for his constituents but we are surprised that our incumbent is afraid of the primary. “This shows clearly that our incumbent has performed below expectations to deserve a second term ticket and any attempt to impose him on us will spell doom. “In a democratic setting, everyone should be set free to test their popularity. As a democrat, the basic principle of consensus is for all participating aspirants to agree and where they do not agree, they result to primary. “We are calling on Governor Seyi Makinde, party leaders and executives to give room for primary where consensus has failed but any attempt to impose a candidate will spell doom for the party”.