A chieftain of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo State, Mr. Wasiu Nurudeen has declared that a consensus arrangement cannot produce the best candidates that will represent the party in the 2023 general elections. Nurudeen, who spoke with reporters on Friday in Ibadan, the state capital, explained that leaders of the party should allow candidates who will represent the party in the 2023 general elections to emerge through primary elections. Our correspondent gathered that the general elections have been fixed for next year. Nurudeen while speaking, called on Governor Seyi Makinde and other leaders of the party, not to allow the wish of some political gladiators in imposing candidates to reign supreme over the wishes of the entire members of the party. He reminded members of the party that consensus or imposition of candidates was a major cause of the downfall of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2019. Nurudeen explained that the best way to avoid the imposition of candidates is to allow all the aspirants to go through primary elections. Nurudeen who is a former member of the Ibadan North Local Government Caretaker Committee, explained further that the best option is for the party to adopt primary rather than consensus or imposition, to allow candidates to test their popularity based on their political antecedents. He noted that whoever emerges as the party’s candidate during the primary elections would be generally accepted and supported. He advised Makinde to invite aspirants jostling to contest on the platform of the party for an urgent meeting to resolve the issues. He said that this will help the party to guide against future crises. “I want to appeal to Governor Makinde and party leaders to give room for primary, where the wishes of the people will prevail because the governor himself is a product of democracy. “In many cases, consensus or imposition is a major cause of the downfall of the political party. We should not forget in haste, what caused the downfall of All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2019 when late former governor Abiola Ajimobi imposed candidates in 2018. “I want to say emphatically that Governor Makinde and leaders should allow for primary in Oyo South Senatorial candidate, consensus may not give us preferred candidate, likewise other Senatorial Districts, both federal and state constituencies. “The governor should however call a meeting of all the aspirants, leaders and stakeholders of the party to resolve the issue of consensus and imposition and allow for primary, to guide against future consequences through legal tussle and other political logjam”.