Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential screening committee led by Senator David Mark has disqualified two of the 17 presidential aspirants seeking to contest the 2023 election on the platform of the party. Senator David Mark announced the disqualification of the two aspirants to journalists on Friday evening but refused to mention their names. 2. Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC)), has picked the nomination and expression of interest forms of the ruling party. The presidential aspirant picked up the N100 million forms in Abuja on Friday afternoon. 3. As the 1443 Hijra (2022) Ramadan draws to an end, the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), under the leadership of its President-General and Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III, has urged Muslims across the country to look for the new moon of Shawwal on Saturday. 4. The National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu, has said the party has not taken any decision on the zoning of its presidential ticket ahead of the 2023 general elections. Adamu claimed the decision on which part of the country should produce the ruling party candidate was beyond him. 5. Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo on Friday held a closed-door meeting with Niger State Governor and Chairman of Northern States Governors Forum, NSGF, Abubakar Sani Bello in Minna. The purpose of the meeting was, however, not revealed to journalists. 6. Seven persons died while five others sustained injuries on Friday in an accident involving a Mazda bus and a truck at Ogunmakin on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. FRSC’s Sector Commander in Ogun, Mr Ahmed Umar, confirmed the incident to newsmen in Abeokuta. 7. The Senator representing Plateau South, Nora Dadu’ut, her husband, close family members, aides and some journalists, on Thursday, escaped death when irate youths held them hostage at Namu village, Qua’an Pan LG area of the Plateau State, blocking the only thoroughfare leading to Lafia and Jos, taking the people hostage for hours. 8. The Naira exchanged at N419.00 to the dollar at the Investors and Exporters window on Friday, a 0.12 per cent depreciation, compared to 418.50 to the dollar on Thursday. The open indicative rate closed at N417.30 to the dollar on Friday. 9. The Special Task Force, Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), maintaining peace in Plateau and environ has said gunmen killed two locals and a soldier at Rikwe-Chongu village of Kwall District of Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau. The Media Officer of the military body, Maj. Ishaku Takwa, confirmed the incident to newsmen in Jos. 10. Ondo State Police Command has arrested a 38-year-old man identified as Sunday Udoh for allegedly impregnating his 15-year-old daughter. Udoh was also alleged to have made attempts to abort the pregnancy.