Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode (FFK) has stated that a number of Nigerian leaders worked for the United Kingdom and the United States. In an essay titled ‘What they will not tell you’, he listed issues he described as secrets about Nigeria that have not been told, answered or explained. “Of the 13 leaders that have led our country since 1960 seven were working for the British MI6 and/or the American CIA. “Only the remaining six were working solely for Nigeria. The other seven were firmly within the power, control and grip of Britain and America”, the author noted. The former aide to ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo called them spies and informants that were carefully and craftily planted. “Of the five Nigerian leaders that died whilst on the throne, every single one of them was murdered in cold blood by local agents of the CIA with the tacit and implicit support of M16 and Langley.” Fani-Kayode insists that no military coup has ever been successful in Nigeria without the tacit backing and support of M16 and/or the CIA. Noting that every nation has secrets, FFK said most are classified and are known only to experienced, circumspect and cerebral members of the intelligence community. “Nigeria is no different but hers are legion. There are more secrets hidden in the belly of our nation’s womb and history than most.” He said secrets about Nigeria include the deaths of Shehu Musa Yar’adua, M. K. O. Abiola, ex-Head of State Sani Abacha, Dele Giwa, Sulia Adedeji, Alfred Rewane, Bola Ige. Others are Funsho Williams, Ibrahim Abacha, Tunde Idiagbon, Abubakar Audu, Abba Kyari, Brigadier Bako, Major General Shuwa, Bagudu Kaltho and Air Marshal Alex Badeh. Also secretive, according to Fani-Kayode, are the C-130 plane crash, the Bellview plane crash, the Chibok girls abduction, the identity of foreign entities and local collaborators backing Boko Haram and ISWAP. He further mentioned “the murderous herdsmen” in the North-East and North-West and the violent secessionist agitation and brutal killings by “unknown gunmen” in the South-East. FFK added that the Nigerian people, though blissful in their naivety and innocence, still believe that they control their own future and destiny. He lamented that citizens have no idea about what went on in the past and what is going on because they either do not care or are busy trying to make ends meet. “They are also unaware that our country has become something of a football that is being kicked around and silently carved up by the Americans, the British, the French and increasingly the Chinese. “All those that ruled us and gallantly attempted to stand up against western domination, neo-colonialism, and had a patriotic, zealous and enviable pan-African disposition were taken out by a coup d’etat or by being murdered. “You want their names? I will not mention them. Kindly do the research yourselves and work out who they are. I will say though that each of them at least gave us something to be proud of. “Yet the tales of woe and sordid state secrets continue. Did you know that approximately 800,000 Nigerian civilians, including women and children, were killed by Biafran forces during the three-year Nigerian civil war. “We often talk about and rightly condemn the mass murder and slaughtered of 3 million Biafran civilians (including 1 million children) but rarely do we spare a thought for or even mention the 800,000 civilians that also perished.” Fani-Kayode stressed that the genocide, mass murder and crimes against humanity went both ways. “These are bitter and uncomfortable truths that many hate to hear and that others will find hard to believe. The dark history of Nigeria is not known by 95% of Nigerians”, he added.