There was jubilation in Enugu North Senatorial District of Enugu State, on Sunday, as the Senator representing the district in the National Assembly, Senator Chukwuka Utazi formally announced his decision not to contest the senatorial seat in the forthcoming Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) primaries and the general elections, to pave way for the smooth and peaceful emergence of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State as the Senator of the Senatorial district in the 10th National Assembly. Senator Utazi who made the announcement while addressing the delegates of the PDP from Enugu North Senatorial District and other stakeholders of the party said he did not purchase the Expression of Interest and Nomination forms of the party for the Senatorial seat to give Gov. Ugwuanyi, who he described as “our leader and brother”, maximum support. The federal lawmaker added amid jubilation that the decision was also to promote the existing peace in Enugu North Senatorial District in particular and Enugu State in general. Senator Utazi reassured Gov. Ugwuanyi that the PDP family in Enugu North Senatorial District and the entire people of the district are solidly behind him and his political decisions in respect of the choice of candidates during the forthcoming party primaries, saying: “We will follow our brother and leader; we are going to be behind you; and pray that God will guide to take these decisions”. “We are here to give you reassurance that it is ordained by God that you do the things you are supposed to do. We are here to also reassure that you have our backing. Our case is not just political. The followership and backing are also spiritual. And you have our spiritual backing too. We are going to continue this support at the voting level during the general elections”, Senator Utazi said. The pronouncement by Sen. Utazi not to contest the senatorial seat elicited jubilation among the party faithful at the meeting, prompting the State Deputy Chairman of the PDP, Hon. Innocent Ezeoha to, on behalf of the people, thank Senator Utazi for his sportsmanship and sacrifice in declaring his support for the governor’s senatorial bid. “Senator Utazi it will be well with you for making this sacrifice”, Hon. Ezeoha added. Earlier, while addressing the PDP faithful comprising members of the National and State Assemblies from Enugu North Senatorial District, the six Council Chairmen, members of the State EXCO from the zone and all the principal officers of the PDP at the Local Government and ward levels, the Zonal Chairman (Enugu North Senatorial District), Rt. Hon. Nze Michael Onyeze, disclosed that the essence of the meeting, which was attended by Gov. Ugwuanyi, was to appreciate the governor for his remarkable achievements in Enugu North Senatorial District in particular and the state in general in spite of the nation’s economic challenges and the state’s limited resources. Hon. Onyeze noted that the appreciation was informed by the outcome of the assessment tour of infrastructural projects executed by the governor, including completed and ongoing landmark projects, stressing that “No government has done what your (Ugwuanyi’s) government has done in the rural areas”. The PDP Zonal Chairman stated that the meeting was equally for the party delegates from Enugu North Senatorial District to renew their stance and reassure Gov. Ugwuanyi of their total support for his choice of party candidates for the State House of Assembly, National Assembly, governorship and presidential seats. He maintained that they are in support of the rotational zoning arrangement of the governorship position which favours Enugu East Senatorial District, stressing that the governor has done a lot to maintain peace in Enugu State and strict adherence to the zoning pattern would enhance peace and security in the state. “Your Excellency, you have done so well and we are proud of you. Our votes will not miss, even one vote. We will give you 100 percent support in respect of your choice of successor and other elective positions”. Also speaking, the member representing Nsukka/Igbo-Eze South Federal Constituency, Rt. Hon. Dr Pat Asadu, the member representing Nsukka East Constituency, Rt. Hon. Chinedu Nwamba and the Chairman of Udenu LGA and State Chairman of Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), Hon. Solomon Onah, on behalf of their colleagues from the zone, respectively, unanimously endorsed the stance of the party, reassuring the governor that they are resolute in their support and loyalty. Corroborating, the PDP LG Chairmen in the six LGAs of Enugu North Senatorial District, the Party LG Vice Chairmen, the LG Secretaries, the LG Youth Leaders, the LG Woman Leader, the PDP Ward Chairmen from the zone, the Ward Vice Chairmen, Ward Secretaries, Ward Youth Leaders and Ward Women Leaders unanimously declared their maximum support and loyalty to Gov. Ugwuanyi, reassuring him that they will follow his directions as the only leader they know in Enugu State. The two former State Chairmen of the PDP from Enugu North Senatorial District, Engr. Vita Abba and Chief Ikeje Asogwa witnessed the event.