Less than a year to the 2023 general elections, a Pan Igbo Socio-cultural group known as Izu Umunna Cultural Association an affiliate of Ohanaeze Ndi Igbo has called on the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to zone its presidential ticket to the South-East. The Group said Igbos have over the years continued to give the PDP support since the return of democracy and it will be in the spirit of fairness that the zone be considered to produce the next President of the country under the party. Izu Umunna in a press statement jointly signed by the President Dr. Ugo Pat Ihekuna and Secretary Dr. Elvis Chukwu, made available to journalists in Jos the Plateau State Capital, said, “The Igbos have consistently supported the PDP since its inception in 1999 and has paid heavy prices for its unalloyed support and loyalty. ‘Even when we had a most eligible presidential candidate in the person of Late Chief Alex Ekwueme, a foundation member of the party, his ambition was thwarted by some politicians who have owned up to this in their various interviews on the social and mainstream media. The Group added that Igbo people have made sacrifices for “peace, equity, fairness and justice to prevail in the 1999 elections to bring into the fold the South-Western region who felt cheated by the June 12, 1993, saga in the country. They further explained that the South-East is the only region that has never produced an Executive President, except for the very brief period (6 months) of late Major General Aguiyi-Ironsi. Izu Umunna further lamented that Igbo people have over the years continued to suffer “inequality, as well as marginalisation” in the political space in the country. “It is lack of equity, justice and fairness, that the Igbos have been heavily marginalised in the political, social and economic scheme of things over the years in the mainstream Nigeria State; with references to the citing of key industrial, infrastructure, even maintenance of Federal roads/railway lines. According to the Group, their undoubted support to the PDP since its inception has “neither resulted in commensurate development of our region nor has it brought us to the politics at the centre. “The PDP constitution recognises zoning as a cardinal feature for the distribution of offices/positions and the party has implemented this policy diligently and strictly over the years. “The question now is why jettison this policy when it is the turn of the South-East to produce a presidential candidate? It asked. “PDP should instead thread the path of honour, justice, equity and fairness by adhering to their time-tested policy of zoning as enshrined in their constitution”, Izu Umunna admonished.