Members of the opposition PDP in Cross River State have rolled out the drums and laid the red carpet to celebrate the coming of Governor Nyesome Wike of Rivers State following his consultation visit over his presidential ambition. Wike is believed to be a bigger sponsor of the party in the state and is also believed to have an interest in a particular governorship hopeful in the state. Before the byelection held in the state on Saturday 26 February 2022, Governor Wike had stormed Calabar to drum up support for PDP candidates. His visit then had drawn the ire of Governor Benedict Ayade of Cross River State who allegedly ordered the blockade of the venue of the byelection pre-rally by the PDP, thereby attracting the angst of PDP supporters. As a way of appreciating his efforts to boost the party in the state, officials of PDP in the state have displayed life-sized flex banners in strategic places to welcome Gov Wike. One of the banners says: “We all say Thank You to his Excellency Barrister Ezenwo Nyesome Wike for supporting Cross River PDP”. An official, Ernest Effiom said, “Wike has done well for PDP not only for Cross River State but he has a special interest in our party in this state. Don’t forget he is the leader of the party, at least in the South-South.” He disclosed that Wike is visiting them as part of his aspiration to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari of APC next year and to address some internal PDP issues bordering on governorship aspirants. On whether, Gov Ayade is aware of the coming of his colleague into his state since there were some ripples in February when he entered Calabar, reportedly without informing Ayade, Chief press secretary and media adviser to Governor Ben Ayade, Mr Christian Ita said Wike is coming on his personal capacity to consult on his presidential aspiration. “I would not know whether Wike has reached out to his counterpart, my principal on a personal level that he is visiting Cross River State. But his coming can not cause any implosion whatever. “Wike is going round states to consult for his interest to run seek for PDP ticket for next year’s presidential election.”