Leke Adeboye, the son of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has sparked diverse reactions on social media after he slammed erring pastors of the church. Taking to his Instagram account, Pastor Leke referred to all RCCG pastors who nonetheless preach their very own messages after the G.O. had preached his sermon as “goats”. In RCCG, each first Sunday of the month, all parishes are anticipated to hook up with the Nationwide Headquarters of the church, the place Daddy G.O. delivers the sermon, which is predicted to be the one sermon of the day. However, some Parish Pastors, on the other hand, go forward to give their very own sermons after the G.O.’s sermons. Writing on his Instagram page, Leke, who frowned at such pastors, described them as goats. He said, ”Why would you go and preach another sermon after Daddy G.O. had just finished speaking and preaching. ”You are not a son, you are a goat sir. Next Thanksgiving service, just do an altar call, then Thanksgiving.” Leke’s comments have gotten folks speaking online, as some queried him for referring to the erring pastors as “goats”, whereas others agreed with him. Below are some comments gathered by DAILY POST on Twitter: @ollynetworker, “#rccg should suspend Leke Adeboye for calling ordained pastors #GOAT. What a gut.” @OkeAkinola, “The goat in this context is to describe erring children who don’t listen to fathers. A sheep is tender and easy to lead, a goat strays away at every slight opportunity.” @CeciliaOkoroma, “This is simply not too nice a statement from ‘man of God’ and in particular, son of GO RCCG.” @Joanna8214, “That’s very rude of you, Leke Adeboye! You are the goat here.” @TomisinAmokeoja, “Two wrongs don’t make a right, Leke Adeboye calling pastors goat was way overboard. Really leaves much to be desired. Always been controversial though. I wonder how he would have reacted if he was the G.O.” @influentialayyo, “Why is Leke Adeboye like this? He is always scandalous. Why will a Christian call the image of God a goat?” @McRoi16, “It’s rather unfortunate that he abused the privilege of being the G.O.’s son. Well I expect that his father will call him to order.” @Chukwueloka_EE, “The question is whether the sermon they preached is good or bad, as your Daddy doesn’t own any sermon. Every good preaching is God’s. Meanwhile, calling them goats is not right. This is how some founders will die: boom power tussle, property dragging etc will ensue.” @CODE_61329, “This is quite disgusting of him to bring the internal ramblings/politics to the media! He should be ready for the storm he brewed! Common sense should have told him to use the organization’s official channels and mind his language! Abuse of office everywhere!