More than 100 parcels of cocaine concealed in eight children’s duvets have been intercepted by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). Operatives made the discovery at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Ikeja, Lagos. A statement on Sunday by Media Director, Femi Babafemi said the drug was imported by a 52-year-old Brazilian returnee, Akudirinwa Hilary Uchenna. The suspect hails from Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State. He was arrested on Saturday 9th April at the D-Arrival Hall upon his return from Sao Paulo, Brazil via Doha aboard a Qatar Airline flight. Uchenna, who claimed to be a carpenter, confessed he was to be paid N5million after successfully delivering the consignment in Lagos. Also, pellets of skunk concealed in detergent containers have been intercepted at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport (AIIA) Enugu. A 37-year-old South African returnee, Ezekwesili Afamefune brought in the consignment weighing 730grams aboard an Ethiopian Airline flight from Johannesburg, South Africa, via Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Ezekwesili is from Awka South Local Government Area of Anambra State. In Edo State, a 24-year-old drug dealer Christian John was arrested by NDLEA operatives in Egbeta, Ovia North-East LGA for selling assorted illicit drugs. They were stuffed in drugged Milo beverages, cannabis sativa, swinol and tramadol tablets. In Zamfara State, one Chibuzor Uba, 30, was caught on Friday 8th April with 1,955 ampules of pentazocine at Kaura Namoda. A cross-border drug trafficker, Stanley Chibuzor, 21, was on Friday 8th April nabbed by officers of the Marine Unit of NDLEA stationed at Oron beach, Oron, Akwa Ibom state. The native of Ihiala, Anambra State, was nabbed with 11,190 tablets of Tramadol during the outward clearance of passengers travelling to Cameroon. In Ondo State, a drug dealer who produces skuchies, Oluwaseun Agboola, 25, was arrested on Thursday 7th April, at his Igoba, Second Gate, Akure residence. About 73 bottles of skuchies weighing 77kg stocked in his kitchen were recovered. Skuchies are usually a mixture of Tramadol, Cannabis sativa, Codeine, Black Currant (popularly called Zobo) and water. In Lagos, an early morning raid in the notorious Akala, Mushin on Saturday 9th April led to the seizure of 746.25 kilograms of cannabis. 