Minister of Women Affairs, Pallen Tallen has advocated the adoption of a compulsory psychiatric test as a pre-requirement for marriages. She said such a test would put a check on the spate of Gender-Based Violence which is becoming prevalent in society. She said efforts are on to discuss with the Ministry of Interior to work out modalities for marriage before consummation. “As a first step to ensuring that we bring an end to this issue, I will initiate a conversation with the Honourable Minister of Interior to ensure that psychiatric tests are made compulsory as part of marriage requirements in the country,” she stated at a media briefing in Abuja, Friday. She said she is deeply concerned that families are crying and losing loved ones to one form of brutality or another According to her, the Media headlines are heart-breaking, and society is devastated. “Oh God heal our land, help our children to appreciate humanity and make the society whole again. The alarming increase in Gender-Based Violence as witnessed in the last few weeks truly calls for concern and urgent action”. She cited the case of the late gospel singer Osinachi Nwachukwu and the most recent one involving one Mr Samuel Mathew who murdered his 23-year-old wife, Mercy Samuel. While lamenting the situation, she said, “As we are dealing with the case of Osinachi Nwachukwu as one-more-case- too-many of GBV, we were again greeted this time with so many others. “In Jos, Plateau State, of the case of a Husband, Samuel Mathew who murdered his 23-year-old wife, Mercy Samuel. The case of a young girl from Chrisland school who was raped, so many gaps and questions, one too many. “From the North and South, East and West several cases are reported daily and there is the need for us to remind the masses that due process is in place to address each and every one of these cases. We can no longer be silent and watch our society degenerate to a level where GBV is practised with impunity. “Perpetrators need to be told that Nigeria is a society with Zero Tolerance against GBV. President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, is committed to seeing an end to GBV, the 36 State Governors are with us on this. The 9th National Assembly is equally committed to this cause. “The families make up the society and everyone comes from a family. Mothers are the bedrock of the family and custodians of family traditions. We must play our part in moulding our male children to become better adults who can take on marital responsibilities without feeling insecure. We must put an end to the culture of reinforcing male dominance in society. “The charge by the Inspector-General of Police, Alkali Baba to all his officers during my recent visit to him over the Osinachi case is a clear signal that it is no longer business as usual. “Our society must move with the realities of the times. We can no longer tolerate wickedness, greed, envy and malicious acts under the guise of Culture. “In this regard, I want to appeal to all leaders in our society to be more sensitive with the way they execute their activities and utilize the powers bestowed on them. The mindset and formation of our young ones require the support of the entire society. From Teachers to doctors, health care providers to fathers and mothers, older siblings and relatives”.