Every Adult in Nigeria deserves to own a car of his/her choice. In a developed country like the United State where we buy cars from, you don’t require to have all the money before you own a car. All you need is to approach your bank and tell them the kind of car you need. After checking your credit report and they are satisfied then you qualify to pick any of your choice car from any car dealer. Your insurance company will thereafter work it out with your bank while you get placed on mortgage for five years. Even if the car gets involved in an accident during this process, they will still collect it from you and give you another brand new car. Below will guide you on the best option to go for when searching for a car through Awoof Car Auction Company. You can also search on www.copart.com and www.iaai.com.search for any car and we can use our license to bid for you while you pay us service charge. Insurance Cars Auto Auction Cars bought in the United States are typically protected by an insurance policy entered into between the buyer and the insurance company. Ordinarily, if any issue occurs with the car, the insurance company would handle it. However, where the issue involves selling the car, the insurance companies would usually dispose of the car via the US Public Auto Auction Services. There are basically three grades of cars that are sold by these insurance companies in the US Auto Auction and they shall be discussed below. Grade A – Clean Title or Repossessed Cars Owning a car moves from being a want to a necessity when an individual attains the age of majority as stipulated by the relevant laws governing a particular country. In first world countries such as the United States, once a person is up to 18 years old, he or she is eligible to own a car and all they have to do is walk into a car dealer’s shop and pick a car of their choice. If the person does not have the full amount to pay for the car at the moment, it is normal practice to seek a mortgage payment for the car. In this case, the car dealer would have to demand for your insurance license, ID cards including driving license and other necessary documentation from the insurance company before the car would be released. The mortgage agreement would usually be for a stipulated period of time. In the event wherein the person defaults in the payment of the car, the insurance company would confiscate the car and take it to the US Auto Auction where it would be sold and the money recovered would be expended in the repayment of the mortgage. In this type of situation represented above, such cars are referred to as ‘Clean Title or Repossessed Car’. This means that the title or ownership of the car has never been transferred and we highly recommend this type of car in auction as it is generally referred to as “Grade A” auction vehicle. Grade B – Salvaged Title or Accident Cars The next type of car that is put up in public auctions by an insurance company is known as the ‘Salvage Titled Car’. Now, if you are planning on saving hundreds or even thousands of dollars on buying a car of your choice than rather spending it on cars in the traditional car dealer shops, then your best option would be salvage cars. This however is not a problem and would likely be a great deal as long as you are ready to put in extra effort on the repair of the car after purchase. When the title of a car is branded as ‘salvage’, it simply means that the car has been damaged or involved in an accident to the point that the insurance company deems it fit and necessary in line with the extant US legislations to sell them off to other countries via the US Auto Auction. It is worthy and pertinent to note that these cars are not currently in the best shape to be driven due to the damages and this would require certain repairs to restore them to a working state. We usually recommend purchasing salvaged cars that do not have a front damage and this is not strange to the fact that such damage will most likely affect the engine of the car and it must have ignited the car’s air bag to pull out. Rather, it is best to go for salvaged cars that might be damaged at the back or side. Most of the cars operating on the Nigerian roads do not have airbags and this is very dangerous.(Driving a car without an airbag is like a driver at high speed on the highway with two eyes closed)Most cunning and fraudulent car dealers after purchasing these cars off auction will sell these cars to unsuspecting buyers without disclosing these vital damages. Here at Awoof, we believe in honesty and integrity as we will guide you through the auction car selection process. These types of cars in auction are usually referred to as “Grade B” auction vehicles. All our cars are physically inspected and report history will be generated before buying. Grade C – Flood Cars Natural disasters which are otherwise referred to as Acts of God are circumstances that are far beyond human control. These natural disasters include hurricanes, tornados, storms, earthquakes, wildfires, e.t.c. However, just like every other type of natural disaster listed above, floods can create a very huge damage to lives, and properties. Out of the numerous properties usually damaged by flood disasters, automobiles stand in the front row. The United States experiences quite a series of flood disasters on a yearly basis and during these periods of flood crisis, cars are partially or completely submerged in water for quite some time until the water dries up. After this, if the vehicle is so damaged that it is no longer operable, the owner’s insurance company settles the claim by buying the vehicle and selling it at the US Auto Auction. Usually, we do not recommend this grade of auction car because of the enormous damage that has been caused to the engine unless the buyer insists on purchasing it and thereafter changing the engine of the car. Just as we have earlier stated, most unscrupulous and mischievous car dealers will buy these flood vehicles off auction, import them into Nigeria, fix them haphazardly and thereafter sell these cars to unsuspecting buyers. In little or no time, these cars will start developing problems that will most likely result in the total breakdown of the engine. (A car with bad engine is like a beautiful house built on a sinking sand). Here in our company, we believe in honesty and integrity as we will guide you through the auction car selection process. These types of cars in auction are usually referred to as “Grade C” auction vehicles. It is not always advisable to buy this kind of grade because there is no way you will fix it that will be totally okay. Most times, it is not strange to find a car owner driving a recently bought car without using the air conditioner and if you ask them they will tell you the air-conditioning system is not working well or not working at all. How can someone buy a car that is recent and the air-conditioning will not work? It is because most of those cars are flood vehicles which were refurbished by the Nigerian car dealers. They do this because these types of cars are very cheap to buy in Auction and since they want to make a lot of money they tend to buy Flood vehicles all in the name of see and buy. Easy process of getting car through us. A. We will send you our terms and conditions to read and sign. B. A refundable deposit of #100,000(One Hundred Thousand Naira Only(That allow us to work with you 24/7 until you are satisfied with what you need to buy, C. Customer pay in 4 installments(Buying, Transportation, Shipping and Clearing) You only pay when you see evidence of what we have done and verify it. Document will be sent to you one after the other and it subject to confirmation. D. Cost of buying will be paid by customer(Customer can pay directly to auction themselves as it is optional). E. Cost of Transportation(Depend on the Auction location)We shouldn’t buy from a far location as to reduce cost of transportation. We are responsible for that. Shipping to Nigeria will be paid by customer ($1000) F. Cost of Clearing will be paid by our company on arrival.(Depend on the year, model and agreement.) Service charge is #100,000(Depend on the year an model) G. Visiting our lawyer office to sign any necessary papers is allowed.(Optional) E. Pay stack will refund you if there is any dispute.(If you pay via online)Read their terms very well. F. No agreement signed, No Refundable security Deposit, NO commencement of bidding. You can use our license and take over your shipment if you are willing to do so yourself, pay our service charge. You can engage any other trusted partner or relatives in the USA to help you pay or you can walk into your bank and make a direct deposit to auction yourself. We will guide you. It is not compulsory we should handle payment for you. We thank all our customers who have done business with us from every part of Nigeria . Those that have sent money without coming and those who have just placed their order, as we urge them to keep referring us to their relatives, friends, colleagues, and associates. Visit our website today to get started. Customer Service: 08023851599 WhatsApp- 08023851599 Website – www.awoofcarauction.com
Email- : info@awoofcarauction.com