The Kwara State Government has again warned principals of both Junior and Senior Secondary Schools in the state to desist from encouraging examination malpractices in their various schools or be ready to face severe sanctions. The state Commissioner for Education and Human Capital Development, Hajia Sa’adatu Modibbo Kawu, gave the warning during a meeting with all the principals in the state held at St Anthony Secondary School, Ilorin, the state capital. Hajia Modibbo Kawu lamented that, “despite the constant warnings from the state government on zero tolerance to examination malpractice, some principals have been indicted by the West Africa Examination Council for engaging in examination malpractice during last year’s WAEC examinations.” ‘Henceforth, erring principles will not go unpunished,” she warned. Hajia Modibbo commended the present administration for prompt payment of salaries and promotion arrears of both State Universal Basic Examination Board and Teaching Service Commission staff. The Commissioner implored the teachers in the state to continue to support the present administration in its bid to provide sound and quality education to the citizens. Hajia Modibbo further charged Junior School Principals to submit on time the list of registered students for the Basic Education Certificate Examination to enable the Ministry fix the date for the forthcoming examination. Earlier, the newly elected President of All Confederation of Principals of Secondary Schools, Kwara State Chapter, Alhaji Umar Abdullahi, had appreciated the present administration for fulfilling its promise of the payment of promotion arrears of teachers. Abdullahi, reiterated their unalloyed support of the present administration in the state in its bid to take the education sector in the state to greater heights. Also speaking, the newly elected President of the Nigeria Union of Teachers, Mr Bashir Oyewole, lauded the present administration in the state for prioritising education development in the state.