*Sets to present new house to the beneficiary Monday, next week Benue State Governor, His Excellency, Dr Samuel Ortom has commended his elswhile Adviser on Religious Affairs and civil Society, Hon. Pastor Onah Blessed Emmanuel JP for donating a house and a motorcycle to an old widow of Idajo-Ibilla in Oju Local Government Area of Benue State. Ortom made the commendation on Tuesday in Government House Makurdi charging the other appointees in his administration to emulate Blessed Onah in reaching out to the less privileged. The Governor promised to send a high powered delegation on behalf of the State Government to attend the dedication, commisioning and official presentation of the house to the beneficiary, Mama Abigail Ebere.  Responding, Pastor Blessed Onah thanked the Governor and his wife, Dr. Eunice Ortom, his friends, dependable partners and family members who by their consistent supports have always encouraged him in the ministry of providing succor to the helpless, as the Lord provides over the years. Whie presenting pictorial evidence to the Governor on the completion of the project, Blessed Onah recounted how on Sunday, October 24th, 2021, he and his wife, Favour were retuning to Makurdi from Oju, they got to Idajo-Ibilla of Oju Local Government and met an old woman of about 85 years trekking to church in another village, a distance estimated to be 5km.  Moved with compassion, they turned back and gave Mama a lift to her destination, the church. Onah said as the women was stepping out of his car, the Lord whispered to him to get a motorcycle for the old woman. The following Sunday, he and his wife were back to the same church to present Mama with a motorcycle and N10,000 for fueling, after which they placed her on N5,000 monthly stipend that will run till heaven calls.  Much later, some elders of the church sought their consent on their intention to sell the motorcycle and use the proceeds to build a small house for Mama, their reason being that she had been sleeping under a profusely leaking thatch house which the tradition would not permit her husband’s family to rehabilitate due to her widow status. Pastor Blessed told the concerned church elders to let the motorcycle be and promised to raise funds to get her a small but decent house. True to his words, in six months, the house is ready!   The man of God is inviting children of God from all walks of life to the dedication, commisioning and official presentation of the house to the old woman as follows. Date: Monday, May 2nd, 2022 Venue: Idajo, Ibilla, Oju LGA Time: 10 AM