Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Presidential aspirants including Bola Tinubu and elected officials across all political parties were hosted to an Iftar dinner by the First Lady, Hajiya Aisha Buhari, at the Old Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja on Friday night. 2. Suspected kidnappers operating along the Kaduna-Birnin Gwari axis have killed another Kano businessman, Umar Sani, after collecting ransom from his relatives.
This is coming barely 10 days after another businessman’s corpse was discovered after payment of N6m ransom to his abductors in the same Birnin Gwari. 3. At least 109 people were either burnt to death or drowned at Abacheke Kpofire in Egbema community, Ohaji/Egbema Local Government Area of Imo State after an illegal oil refinery site went up in flame. It was gathered that the incident happened on Friday night. 4. Aspirants jostling for elective offices in 2023 on the platform of the APC will have to wait a while to buy their Expression of Interest and Nomination forms. The sale of the forms, scheduled to begin on Saturday, has been postponed according to sources. 5. Suspected gunmen have allegedly kidnapped 10 persons, suspected to be herders in Anambra State. They are allegedly demanding N4 million and an AK-47 rifle as ransom. It was gathered that the incident happened at Obene community in Ogbaru Local Government Area of Anambra State. 6. Elder statesman and Afenifere leader, Pa Ayo Adebanjo and South-South leader, Chief Edwin Clark, alongside other eminent Nigerians are set to participate in a dialogue aimed at advocating for a Nigerian President of Igbo extraction in next year’s general election. 7. The much-awaited National Executive Committee, NEC, meeting of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, comes up on Wednesday, the 4th day of May 2022. In a statement signed by Senator Samuel Anyanwu, national secretary of the party, the meeting kicks off at the NEC hall, national headquarters of the party, Wuse, Zone 5, Abuja at 2pm. 8. Former Vice President and leading presidential aspirant, Atiku Abubakar, has said he was never a party to the northern consensus arrangement. A statement by his campaign chairman, Chief Raymond Dokpesi, said the former VP did not subject himself to any consensus process and thus, was not bound by any of the recommendations. 9. President, Muhammadu Buhari, will in May reveal his choice among those aiming to be his successor on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, a presidential source has revealed. According to the source, the president may choose between Bola Tinubu, Yemi Osinbajo or Rotimi Amaechi. 10. The founder of Solid Rock Kingdom Church, Apostle John Okoriko, who was kidnapped on Tuesday by gunmen from the church premises in the Mpat Enin Local Government Area, has been released after spending four days in his captors’ den.