OSINACHI, the gospel songstress in Nigeria has been reported by friends and ministry colleagues to have died in controversial circumstances on Friday, 8 April, 2022. While some say she died as a result of Cancer of the Throat, others said she died after she was beaten by her husband into a state of comatose. Whatever is the cause of her death will only be ascertained when her Church, family, and the police are able to come out with medical report or issue statements about the incident. However, while we await the outcome of the investigation into the cause of her death, I have been reading lots of reactions about her death. And from these reactions I see that many are angry that life can be snuffed out of such a rare gem in her prime, and not just by any other person, but by the man she so loved even to the very end. From what I gleaned from some of these reactions about the cause of her death, many revealed she was in an abusive marriage; a marriage that was characterized by the singer being constantly brutalized by her husband, and, a marriage that was dominated by domestic violence. If these revelations about Osinachi’s experience in marriage are true, then it is truly unfortunate that she found herself in such a precarious relationship. I can’t just understand why a man who courted a woman and claimed he loves her, would end up killing her in such a beastly manner. The allegations against her husband if proven to be true, he must be made to face the wrath of the law. The deed has been done, as it is now too late to remedy her situation. But then, what lessons can we as Christians, the body of Christ learn from this sad incident, and why did Osinachi chose to remain in her marriage in spite of the danger she was facing? In short, what would Osinachi have done in a situation she found herself? From reactions from her friends and ministry colleagues, some of them tried convincing Osinachi to walk away from her marriage in view of the deadly experiences she’s been made to pass through in the hands of her husband. And if this is true about such intervention, why did Osinachi refused to heed to such counsel but instead decided to stay-put in the marriage? We can only guess what could have been her possible reasons for remaining in the marriage even when her life was in danger. And one of the possible reasons I strongly believe, is the fact that she decided to remain faithful to the vow she took before God and his Church when she married her husband. When a woman and a man decide to come together in Holy matrimony, they are in God’s eyes, one body, united by the power of the Holy Spirit. This is the reason Osinachi could not just walked out of her marriage. One cannot just walked out of themselves. “Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder” (Matthew 19:6 KJV) A second reason Osinachi might have had in her decision to remain in the marriage in spite of its deadly consequences was the desire to remain true to her calling as a Minister of the Gospel through her Music ministry. Walking away from her marriage would have no doubt, had a disastrous consequences on her ministry. Imagine that if Osinachi had decided to quit her marriage, what do you think would have been the reaction of Christians to her decision? I believe this woman would’ve been criticized for falling out of her faith; be humiliated through being barred from ministrations in churches for being a divorcee, and, outright excommunication from fellowship of the Brethren. It is against this backdrop that I agree with her decision not to quit her marriage in spite of its toxicity. There’s nowhere in the Bible that Christians are told that they’ll not face life’s issues and challenges in their Heavenly race. What the word of God assures us is the fact that such tough times should not be stumbling blocks, but rather, steppingstones in our spiritual growth. Jesus Christ is recorded by Matthew, one of his disciples, as saying, “Whoever finds his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it.” (Matthew 10:39) The understanding in this verse of the Bible is that life in the world has its pleasures, and if we embrace these things that give us comforts, and not willing to leave such comfort zones in the service of God, may cause us losing the eternal relationship that is the gain of our relationship with God. However, when we abandon the pleasure of the present life and stay focused on our goal of eternal life, which is far more better than the present life in the earthly vessel, we’ll no doubt have eternal relationship with God in Heaven. Osinachi chose to lose her life for the sake of Jesus Christ in order to have life everlasting. She not only preached this fact in her songs, but practically lived her sermons in her songs’ ministrations. That’s the reason she decided not to walk away from her marriage. The short of this is that, Osinachi had to hate the pleasures of the moment by not succumbing to her husband’s beastly behavior and stick on to Jesus Christ by loving him to the very end. Paul, one of the Apostles of Jesus, a man who was used mightily in his cause of preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ, also suffered untold hatred, heartbreak, and very tough deadly encounters, but he never gave up on preaching the gospel nor denying Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior. Paul while speaking about toughness of times he faced in doing the work of preaching the gospel said, “I am speaking like I am out of my mind, but I am so much more: in harder labor, in more imprisonments, in worse beatings, in frequent danger of death. Five times I received from the Jews the forty lashes minus one. Three times I was beaten with rods, once I was stoned, three times I was shipwrecked. I spent a night and a day in the open sea. “In my frequent journeys, I have been in danger from rivers and from bandits, in danger from my countrymen and from the Gentiles, in danger in the city and in the country, in danger on the sea and among false brothers, in labor and toil and often without sleep, in hunger and thirst and often without food, in cold and exposure.” (2 Corinthians 11:23-27) In view of this, we can comfortably say that Osinachi, despite facing abusive marriage, did not allow such an abusive union with her husband deter her from her music ministry. And having remained faithful to the very end of her calling we can comfortably conclude that a gift of an eternal relationship with God in Heaven awaits her. Osinachi, have a blessed eternal rest, Amen! *Minchakpu is a Writer and Media Consultant. He sent in this article from Noad Avenue, Jos, Plateau State. obedminchakpu@gmail.com