Pastor Paul Enenche of Dunamis International Gospel Center has spoken on all he knows about the passing of renowned singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu. Enenche, in a video on his Facebook page, said the late singer had, during a visit to his office with her husband, complained of chest pains and respiratory stress. He explained that after prayers, he helped facilitate her visit to a different hospital where she was checked and managed for the illness. The cleric maintained that the church was not aware of the domestic violence she suffered in her marriage. “Over two and half months ago, she came to see me with her husband with complaints of chest pains, and respiratory stress. I prayed for her and prayed again. And when the symptoms did not abate, I counselled that they should go to the hospital to know exactly what the issue was. “They asked that I help facilitate the process and I called our head of the medical team to assist handle their situation. He called FMC Jabi and they were attended to,” he said. Enenche said a CT scan was done and the doctor felt more investigation needed to be done either at UNIABUJA teaching hospital or National Hospital. He explained that Osinachi did a biopsy of the lungs tissue at the National Hospital and the result was milder than what the CT scan earlier showed and he was happy they were relieved. The cleric said Osinachi called him daily and reported progress as she needed no oxygen at some point. “She called me literally daily and reported progress and I prayed with her. She told me they checked her oxygen perfusion and it was 100% and we were very excited at that progress. That was the point it was before we went to the crusade in Cameroon. It was the second night in Cameron that I got to know of the unfortunate incident of her passing. “If there was domestic violence that led to it or coincided with those symptoms she came with, there is no way I will know. If there was domestic violence there is no way I will know,” he said. Enenche said the things he heard after her passing was strange to me. He said Osinachi’s twin sister told him that the talented singer had begged her not to inform the church. According to him, Osinachi’s first son who confirmed his mother suffered domestic violence also revealed that he didn’t tell the pastor because their father always asked what they discussed with Eneche anytime he and his sibling greeted the pastor. He added they he confronted some of the people privy to the abuse and was informed that it was Osinachi that begged them not to reveal the situation. Enenche further prayed that God will give Osinachi’s family grace during this trying time.