Rev. John Joseph Hayab, Kaduna State Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), has said that Nigerians are thirsty due to poor economy, bad governance and insecurity in the country. In his Easter message to Nigerians, Rev. Hayab said, “Jesus, in the last days and hours of his agony made many spiritual revelations about life and how to address human, spiritual, and physical needs. Jesus on the cross shared in human pains by saying ‘I am thirsty.’ Indeed, Nigerians, nowadays, can say, like Jesus on the cross of cavalry, that they are thirsty.” He added, “They are thirsty due to poor economy, thirsty due to bad governance, and thirsty because of insecurity. All the thirst experiences could lead to misery. “Accordingly, celebrating Jesus’s victory at Easter with a dry throat, dry stomach, and dry lifestyle is because of the failure of the successive administrations, as well as the existing one.” According to him, government needs to provide cold water to quench the thirst of Nigerians, saying that people have been crying out loud like Jesus on the cross, that they were thirsty, but, sadly, the leaders do not appear to care. He wished that Nigerian leaders could learn from the soldiers that policed Jesus on the cross, stressing that when the Lord cried out of thirst, they provided vinegar for succor. “So, what is basic is that the government needs to provide cold water to quench the thirst of Nigerians. People have been crying out loud, like Jesus on the cross, that they are thirsty, but, sadly, the leaders do not appear to care. However, there is a lesson that I wish Nigerian leaders could learn from the soldiers that policed Jesus on the cross. When the Lord cried out of thirst, they provided vinegar for succor,” Rev. Hayab emphasized. According to him, it is a complete disservice for the government to abandon citizens in pain without showing genuine concern. CAN, therefore, appealed to the Nigerian government, both at the various levels, to take concrete steps toward providing palliatives that could quench the thirst of Nigerians and make them have confidence in the affairs of the country. According to Rev. Hayab, “The citizens, on their part, should similarly be one another’s keeper by contributing meaningfully to national growth; they should also support to quench the thirst of their neighbors, friends, and the less privileged near them.”