A veteran journalist, Mustapha Ogunsakin has recounted how Vice President Yemi Osinbajo rejected former President, Olusegun Obasanjo’s offer to become Attorney-General of the Federal in 2005. Ogunsakin said Osinbajo rejected Obasanjo’s offer and stayed loyal to Bola Tinubu, who was then governor of Lagos State. Osinbajo served eight years as Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in Lagos State when Tinubu was the governor between 1999 and 2007. However, Ogunsakin said Obasanjo made the offer following Osinbajo’s sterling qualities as then Commissioner. The veteran journalist disclosed this while addressing newsmen in Abuja yesterday. He was reacting to reactions trailing Osinbajo’s presidential declaration. Following his declaration, Osinbajo was accused of betraying Tinubu who is also running for the Presidency. Dismissing this claim, Ogunsakin said: “In 2005, President Obasanjo invited Osinbajo to take appointment as the Attorney-General of the Federation after Chief Akin Olujimi left office. Obasanjo saw the sterling qualities and performance that Osinbajo had as Attorney General of Lagos. “The president without informing Bola Tinubu, the then Lagos State Governor, offered the post to Osinbajo who was then Lagos State Attorney-General. The first thing Osinbajo did was to inform his principal, Tinubu, who gave him a free hand to take his decision.” He disclosed that Osinbajo made a request to Obasanjo to release Lagos State Council funds, but the former president refused. Upon his refusal, Osinbajo was said to have rejected Obasanjo’s offer to become AGF. “Obasanjo replied that Osinbajo should first take the appointment and then advise him as Attorney-General of the Federation on the matter. Osinbajo went underground and for weeks Obasanjo could no longer reach him. “It was obvious to the then President that Osinbajo deliberately avoided him; he went on to appoint Chief Bayo Ojo as his Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice. “Osinbajo rejected the position of Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice and stayed with Tinubu; nobody complained then. He did not betray Tinubu then. “But now when it is convenient for them, some political and religious bigots are shouting betrayal! Everyone knows that if you want to hear the story of how your father met your mother, join politics,” he said.