Fourteen inmates at the Medium Security Custodial Centre, Ibara, and the Borstal Institute, Adigbe Abeokuta, Ogun State, were on Thursday matriculated into the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN). The inmates were admitted by the university to study courses such as Public Administration, Political Science, Human Kinetics, Peace and Conflict Resolution, Film Production, Information Technology, Mass Communication and Philosophy. The Vice-Chancellor of NOUN, Prof. Olufemi Peters in his address, charged the inmates to take the life-changing opportunities that the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) and the NOUN have brought to them very seriously. Prof. Peters, who was represented by Dr. Segun Adenuga, the Director of Abeokuta Study Centre, assured the inmates of NOUN’s commitment to making their study seamless and peaceful. The Vice-Chancellor urged the new intakes to have thirst for knowledge and be a generation that will join hands with others in the diaspora to forge a better future for our nation after their release. He appreciated the Controller of Correctional Service, Ogun State Command for his open-door policy. Earlier in his welcome address, the Controller General of Corrections, Haliru Nababa who was represented by the Controller of Corrections, Ogun State Command, Abdurasheed Alimi, implored the matriculating students and other inmates to embrace the opportunity offered to them by NOUN to add value to their lives. The Command Public Relations Officer, Oyeleke Victor, quoted Nababa as saying that “the occasion underscores the core mandate of the NCoS to reform and rehabilitate those in its care and subsequently reintegrate them back to the society.” He informed that this will reduce recidivism rates, and improve and increase employment opportunities for those who take the program seriously. Haliru noted that over 3,000 inmates are currently undergoing various profound and life-changing programmes with the NOUN and other Higher institutions that are in partnership with the Service. The NCoS PRO in Ogun, Victor, said: “this is the forth matriculation at the Custodial Center, under the auspices of NOUN.” He added that “the total number of inmates of Ibara custodial centre studying various degree programmes is now 76, including four Masters degree students, while that of Borstal institute is six.”