The drive for gender inclusion in and women empowerment in Nigeria received a boost at the recently held premiere of ‘Earth Women’, a poignant documentary that explores the plight of women living in communities impacted by extractive activities, including oil and gas exploration and mining. Earth Women is an initiative of CSR-in-Action Advocacy, the development-focused arm of the CSR-in-Action Group and funded by Ford Foundation. The grand premiere, which was sponsored by Access Bank, had in attendance, prominent personalities from business, entertainment, the media, public sector, and the international community. L-R Pastor Godman Akinlabi; Managing Partner, Zenera Consulting & Exec.Producer, Earth Women, Meka Olowola; CEO, CSR-in-Action, Bekeme Masade-Olowola; Lead Pastor, One Church, Tunde Usidame Bekeme Olowola, CSR-in-Action’s Chief Executive and Earth Women’s Executive Producer, who visualised the concept for the documentary, said when natural disasters occur, “women suffer immensely because their sources of livelihood are threatened, and they often do not have control over what happens to them in such situations”. “Nevertheless, women continue to thrive and find better ways to survive. But we want to use these powerful visuals to change that narrative.” L-R: Dir, Public Affairs, Comms & Sustainability, Coca-Cola; Amaka Onyemelukwe; Director, UK Dept. for Intl Trade, Nigeria, Chimwemwe Chalemera; Bekeme Masade-Olowola; Ms Yemisi Ransome-Kuti; Founder, Women at Risk Foundation (WARIF), Dr. Kemi DaSilva-Ibru CSR-in-Action Advocacy, part of the CSR-in-Action Group, was founded by Bekeme Olowola 11 years ago, and is now a foremost sustainability consulting and advocacy outfit. Earth Women was co-produced by the trio of communication expert, Meka Olowola, veteran thespian, Ego Boyo, and Bekeme Olowola. “Wherever you find benefits in the form of natural resources, you find women and girls unfairly excluded from conversations around these resources. Women continue to be marginalised in both formal and informal spaces”, said Funke Baruwa, Country Director, West Africa for Ford Foundation. L-R: Meka Olowola presenting an appreciation plaque to Head, Sustainability, Access Bank, Omobolanle Victor-Laniyan “However, we are really happy that women continue to challenge this marginalisation and continue to push through to make sure that our voices are heard. “We are supporting organisations like CSR-in-Action because we believe that supporting them will help in identifying gaps and driving programs and strategies that address challenges that women face in the extractive sector”, Baruwa added. Earth Women is part of the ‘SITEI-Woman’ project, a series of initiatives targeted at empowering women, especially those impacted by the extractive industries in Nigeria, an offshoot of the 10-year-old Sustainability in the Extractive Industries (SITEI) Initiative, of CSR-in-Action which is aimed at fostering fiscal and social justice for communities with oil and gas and mining resources. According to Meka Olowola, the Chairman, SITEI Organising Committee, the SITEI-Woman initiative is a platform for driving social justice for women and promoting gender inclusion. L-R: Meka Olowola; Program Associate, Ford Foundation West Africa, Onyinye Onyemobi; Country Director, Ford Foundation West Africa, Funke Baruwa “Through SITEI-Woman, we want to help deconstruct some of the paradigms that have kept women away from vital decisions that have an overarching impact on their lives, especially with regards to resources available in extractive communities. We believe that empowered women will lead to peaceful and prosperous communities,” he added. Veteran Nollywood star, Ego Boyo, ended the screening by enjoining institutions to join in the crusade started by CSR-in-Action. She urged guests to visit the SITEI website, https://www.sitei.org/ to sign up to the gender mainstreaming recommendations and to contribute to the $500,000 fund being raised for an access-to-market platform for local female (and male) miners.