In the past 5days, the war between the supporters of Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo and Bola Tinubu has intensified. The fight has been filled with name-calling. Since the declaration of Osinbajo on Monday, some Tinubu’s supporters have called him a betrayer and Judas, for daring to stand against the former governor of Lagos State. Tolu Babaleye said: “This is the week that Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus Christ in the Christian calendar. Same week Osinbajo betrayed Tinubu. Same week is not a mere coincidence. May God be with Tinubu in Pilates’ Court.” Prior to the commencement of the election season, the supporters of both politicians were in the same camp. Some people referred to them as BMC on social media or other derogatory terms like APC Rottweilers and Ponmo FC. Some of the prominent members of the APC southwest included Arinola Awokoya, the daughter of Gani Fawehinmi, Olusoga Owoeye, Yinka Ogunubi, Akinsola Olusegun Dada, Gawat Jubril, Iyalaya and several others. For the past seven years, they have defended the Buhari administration, been very critical of the EndSARS and taken some positions on issues that have earned them flanks. However, this election has divided the group, and a social media battle has commenced. Either side is deploying all means to demarket the different aspirants. DAILY POST had reported that Joe Igbokwe, the Special Adviser for Drainage and Water Resources to Governor Babajide Sanwo- Olu, also subscribed to the notion of betrayer. “Is this how we will pay Asiwaju for helping to lift us up? This monumental betrayal has no part 2. I am totally diminished as a mortal who understands very well the meaning and the power of loyalty,” DAILY POST had reported. Last week, Abdulmummin Jubrin, a staunch supporter of the Tinubu for president campaign had cautioned against the name calling. “Our South west APC family, stop these attacks! Where is your political smartness? If not for the fights within you which those against your interest are taking advantage of, South west should naturally have the right of first refusal for the APC Presidential ticket! CLOSE YOUR RANKS!,” Jibrin said. This action looks similar to the strategy used by the Tnubu’s camp against Rauf Aregbesola during the Osun State APC governorship primaries. It would be recalled that Aregbesola had attacked Tinubu and some leaders of the APC in the Southwest. Several supporters of the former Lagos State governor, accused Aregbesola of being ungrateful, and daring to challenge his benefactor. Sola Olofin, contender of BAT Vanguard had tweeted during the fight between Aregbesola and Tinubu “Aregbesola activates his own political oblivion, a journey of no return. We are Yorubas and we’ll not stand behind any ingrate or traitor who disrespect our leaders. What happened during Awolowo will not repeat never again,” he had said. In the past two weeks, the same strategy has been in full swing against Osinbajo, not just online but offline. Over the weekend, Tinubu’s camp organized a special prayer programme for their principal. Several speakers at the programme directed missives towards the Vice President.