The 45th Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Atanda Olayiwola Adeyemi has joined his ancestors at Bara, a palace source revealed to DAILY POST. The palace source, a prince and a member of the Adeyemi family, told DAILY POST on Sunday that Bara is about five minutes drive from the palace. He said that previous Alaafin of Oyo were buried at Bara. He said that the culture of burying the Alaafin at Bara started during the era of the old Oyo empire. Our correspondent had yesterday reported that the Alaafin, who reigned for 52 years had passed away. The monarch who celebrated his 83rd birthday in October last year passed away on Friday while receiving medical attention at the Afe Babalola University Teaching Hospital at Ado Ekiti. DAILY POST gathered that Christian and Muslim clerics had earlier on Saturday offered prayers for the soul of the monarch. Our correspondent, who monitored movements in the palace, reports that the corpse of the monarch was later taken to the inner chamber of the palace immediately the clerics offered their prayers. Our correspondent however gathered that the body of the monarch was later taken to Bara around 9:00 pm on Saturday in order for him to join his forefathers. DAILY POST gathered that the remains of the monarch was conveyed to Bara by traditional religious worshipers. It was gathered that the body of the monarch has been committed to mother earth at Bara in order for the monarch to join his forefathers who had reign in Oyo. The palace source who spoke with DAILY POST Sunday evening revealed that the traditionalists began the final burial rites around 9:00 pm but no one could ascertain the time he was buried. The palace source said, “Yes he has been buried. He has been buried since yesterday. That is confirmed. But it was the traditionalists that buried him yesterday night. “They started the final rites around 9:00 pm yesterday but they did not allow anyone to know the actual time he was buried. “He was buried at Bara, it is a 5 minutes drive from the palace. That is the place where the previous Alaafin were buried since the time of old Oyo empire. That is the system. It did not start today.”