Kwara State Police Command has warned against political campaigns and hailing of political gladiators at praying arenas in the state during the Eid-al-Fitr celebrations. The command in a statement by the spokesperson, SP Okasanmi Ajayi in Ilorin on Thursday, said shouting of party slogans would also not be allowed at praying arenas as part of the measures put in place for a peaceful festival. The command further informed that vehicles, tricycles and motorbikes are expected to be packed at designated parking lots within the Eid-al-Fitr praying arenas. Okasanmi said observing prayers at road sides and along the routes to the praying ground will also not be allowed, as restrictions of vehicular movements would be strictly enforced from 0800 hours to the praying ground. The spokesperson assured Muslim faithful and members of the general public that, officers and men of the police command are highly motivated and fully charged to ensure that, the Eid-al-Fitri celebrations, which marks the successful end of the Ramadan fasting in Kwara State is celebrated without any hitch. “To this end, the Command has emplaced a water tight security strategy across the length and breadth of Kwara State. “Consequently, the eight Area commands, officers and men attached to all the Divisional Police Headquarters, Heads of Tactical Units, Command’s special forces, including Force Animal Department, Mounted troop, Dog section and Explosive Ordinance Department (EOD0, have all been briefed and reminded of their professional responsibilities of ensuring a smooth and hitch -free Eid-fitr celebrations,” he added. Okasanmi said the forces deployed for the exercise would work in conjunction with the security committee set up specially for the purpose by the State government. He advised Muslim faithful coming to the Eid praying ground to obey all traffic control mechanisms put in place for easy access into and out of the praying ground adding that the Command is ready to do all within its powers to make the Eid praying ground the solemn place that it has always been known for. The Commissioner of Police Kwara State Police Command, Tuesday Assayomo, congratulated Muslim faithful on the successful conclusion of this year’s Ramadan fasting. He also advised the good people of Kwara State to enjoy the long holidays with equanimity.