The immediate past Governor of Plateau State, Jonah Jang has described the granting of pardon to former governors Joshua Dariye and Jolly Nyame by the National Council of State as the wishes of the people. He said their pardon is cheering as it provides both Plateau and Taraba citizens a moment of respite from “the unending, unsavoury happenings bedevilling the nation”. The former lawmaker urged both Dariye and Nyame to put behind their ordeals and concentrate on the task of making the country a better place. Jang disclosed this through his Media aide, Clinton Garuba, in Jos, the State Capital. He said, “The news that the National Council of State has granted pardon to former Governor of Plateau State Chief Joshua Chibi Dariye and former Governor Jolly Nyame of Taraba amongst others is a cheering one and provides plateau and Taraba people a moment of respite from the unending, unsavoury happenings bedevilling the nation. According to him, “Since the news filtered out that the Council of State had granted the pardon and President Muhammadu Buhari had approved the release of the former Governors, there have been wild jubilations with pictures of both bearing various inscriptions trending on social networking platforms. “This shows that the pardon of the former Governors is indeed the wishes of the people”, he maintained. “We express our gratitude to the President for heeding the calls by many including Senator Jonah David Jang who in 2021 made a passionate appeal to Mr. President for the pardon and release of Senator Dariye and former Governor Jolly Nyame to enable them contribute their quota to the development of the nation. “We welcome our leaders home and wish them success in their endeavours especially, and we look forward to having them return to a turf they are familiar with, politicking and providing leadership for our people. “We also urge both leaders to put behind their ordeals and concentrate on the onerous task of making the nation a better place”, he admonished.