Two teenagers were killed last Friday at the residence of a retired police officer where a wedding sendforth was being held at Gudum Hausawa in Bauchi metropolis. This is even as the state police command confirmed the death of the teenagers, saying that seven suspects have been arrested in connection with the incident. It was gathered that the hoodlums, who were said to be in large numbers, stormed the residence of a retired police officer, one Ezra Yari, who organised a sendforth ceremony for his daughter who was to get married on Saturday at about 11pm. The hoodlums, it was further learnt, arrived while the sendforth ceremony was going on and were said to have started shooting dane guns and beating attendees, leading to the death of the teenagers, while other sustained injuries in the process. A resident of the area, who pleaded anonymity, informed journalists that the attack was a surprise to residents of the area, considering the fact that the bride’s father had been living in the area peacefully with everyone in the area. He added that the area in recent times has gradually been turning to a notorious den for hoodlums who take cover there and plan their nefarious criminal activities. He, however, appealed to security agencies in the state to quickly come to the residents’ rescue by turning the tide for good. Confirming the incident in a telephone conversation with journalists in Bauchi on Monday, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, said the perpetrators fired Dane gun on attendees, killing the teenagers in the process “Yes, there was an incident where some thugs entered a house and started beating the people and the youths, they started using the dane gun to shoot the people and matcheted and wounded some youths “Two youths were shot and killed by the hoodlums. Those killed were Christopher Habila, 17-year-old and Halon Nandir, 18-year-old,all of Gudum Hausawa,” Wakil, a Superintendent of Police (SP), informed. According to him, seven suspects had been arrested in connection with the incident, adding that the state Commissioner of Police, Umar Sanda, had ordered full investigations into the incident. “Presently, seven suspects have been arrested in connection with the incident, while the Commissioner of Police, Umar Sanda has directed that full discreet investigations should be conducted to get to the root cause of the incident,” he said. He added that, “The Commissioner of Police has directed the Area Commander to expand investigation in the area and fish out anyone involved in the crime.” The police spokesman informed that all the arrested suspects were being detained at the command headquarters pending the completion of investigations. Wakil revealed that all Divisional Police Officers (DPOs) in Bauchi metropolis had been directed to focus attention on Gudum Hausawa as a result of the series of happenings in the area. This, according to the PPRO, was with a view to protecting the lives and property of law-abiding citizens and residents of the community. Wakil added that residents of the state should always report criminal acts to the police and other security agencies operating in the state. Meanwhile, the chairman of the state chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Reverend (Dr) Abraham Damina Dimeus, has appealed to the people of the area, particularly the Christian community, to remain calm and not seek revenge. Reverend Dimeus gave the advice when he visited the area, assuring that the CAN leadership would take up the matter with the relevant agencies and authorities with a view to ensuring justice is served.