Residents of Jalingo, the Taraba State capital, have lamented the scarcity of water currently ravaging the area. The situation has crippled activities in some parts of the state capital. DAILY POST reports that the worst-hit areas are Di-Nyavoh, Shavon, Mayo-Gwai, Lassandi, Magami, Kona, Mayo-Dassa, to mention but just a few. Residents who now rely solely on commercial water vendors, also expressed sadness at the way and manner the vendors have jacked up the prices of water per jerrycan. While all those who can afford to patronize the vendors have continued to enjoy their services, the reverse is the case with others who have continued to trek several kilometres to source water for their domestic use. As of the time of filing this report, a jerrycan of water that used to be sold at N10 is now being sold at N30. More to that, a wheelbarrow of ten jerrycans of water has been jacked up from N350 compared to its former price of N200. Narrating how the scarcity has impacted negatively on them, some residents who spoke with DAILY POST, urged the management of the Taraba Water and Sewerage Corporation to, as a matter of urgency, put in place mechanisms that would ensure free flow of water from the dried taps. Rakiya Salami, who narrated how she and her children always trek several kilometres daily in search of water, lamented that they often shared water from the same pond with some domestic animals. “Sometimes, the only option left for us is to wait patiently for the herders to satisfy their cows before getting to our turns,” she said. Urging the government to wade in, she said the situation may lead to the outbreak of communicable diseases in the metropolis. Aligning her weight to that of Rukayat, Hassana Aliyu, observed that the situation has now debarred her and her family from taking their bath regularly. The pathetic stories of both Rukayat and Hassana were not different from other respondents who bared their minds on the issue. Responding, a staff of the water corporation, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the matter would soon be rectified.