Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Bandits, on Saturday, stormed Agban Kagoro community in Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State and killed two persons. A source from the community, Mr. Jonathan Musa told DAILY POST in Kaduna that the bandits came in large numbers, killed two persons, and wounded many others. 2. The Presidency has responded to a statement by Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike condemning the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government for granting presidential pardon to former Governors of Plateau and Taraba States. Buhari’s Spokesman, Garba Shehu in a post on his verified Twitter page on Saturday night, said Wike’s criticism lacks moral justification. 3. The Olu of Warri, Ogiame Atuwatse III, on Saturday, denied endorsing Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential aspirant. The clarification was issued and signed by the Head, Back Office Operations, Office of the Ogiame Atuwatse III, Oriiz Onuwaje, on Saturday. 4. Family members of the kidnapped Kaduna-Abuja train passengers have criticised the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, for launching his presidential campaign, without due regard for the victims, languishing in the abductor’s den. This was contained in a statement by the leader of the victim’s relatives group, Dr Abdulfatai Jimoh. 5. Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has slammed the military and the security agencies watching with folded arms while herdsmen continue to launch deadly attacks in some parts of the South East. HURIWA, in a statement by its National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko, said this while condemning the latest invasion of communities in the Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State by the herdsmen. 6. Rivers State Governor and 2023 presidential aspirant, Mr Nyesom Wike, has said he would remain in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), even if he does not win the presidential ticket. Wike said this while addressing stakeholders of the Niger State chapter of the PDP at the party’s secretariat in Minna, on Saturday, 7. The Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) has bombarded ISWAP commanders’ enclaves and training camps near Lake Chad. The aerial assault was led by the Nigerien Air Task Force at the Tumbun Rego axis in Borno State. 8. Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva has cautioned those seeking war in Nigeria. He urged citizens to offer support for the success of the President Muhammadu Buhari led-administration. The former Bayelsa governor made the call on Saturday in Abuja in his Easter message. 9. Russia has slammed a ban on the United Kingdom Prime Minister, Boris Johnson and other senior ministers over the war in Ukraine. The country, which banned US President Joe Biden in March, accused Britain of hostility following its invasion of its neighbour, Ukraine. A statement at the weekend by the Foreign Ministry explained that the decision was in retaliation to UK’s sanctions. 10. Liverpool, on Saturday, evening defeated Manchester City 3-2 in the FA Cup semi-final tie at the Wembley Stadium to qualify for the final. A goal from Ibrahima Konate and Sadio Mane’s brace ensured Liverpool knocked Man City out of this season’s FA Cup as Jack Grealish and Bernardo Silva’s goals were not enough for Pep Guardiola’s side.