A socio-political group has raised an alarm of plans to disrupt public peace in Osun State over the alleged killing of Abiola Afolabi Olamide by men of the state police command. The 27-year-old Olamide was shot on the left leg by armed police personnel who raided his friend Matthew’s house in the early hours of Monday, April 4, 2022, around the Capital area of Osogbo. For days his whereabouts were unknown until pressure from the discerning public and friends forced the Osun State Police Command to issue a public statement announcing that he died as a result of injuries sustained from the gunshot. The announcement of this death also caused some youths and civil society organisations to publicly stage a peaceful protest at Olaiya junction in Osogbo on Friday. The group, Osun Shall Rise Again (OSRA), in a jointly signed statement on Sunday by its Chairman, Lanre Akeju; and Secretary, Saheed Bakare, respectively accused elements of the RevolutionNow of planning a protest. The group which condemned in totality the alleged extra-judicial killing of Afolabi Abiola also lauded the Osun State Government for its proactive steps in appealing for calm and showing interest in the matter. The group which insisted that protest over the death of Abiola was not needed, added that it was willing to support any legitimate agitation by Osun youths. According to the group, “Such agitation must not have political colouration or be driven by criminal elements. “We make bold to say it must resist any attempt by some discredited politicians and a few mischief-makers that want to profit from the sad incident, from hijacking the situation. “Already, we have reliably gathered that elements of the Revolution Now who take delight in destroying public properties and infrastructure under the cover of protest is planning a political protest under the guise of pressing for justice for the late Afolabi Abiola. “We decided to raise this alarm to intimate security operatives and the Government on the plot by these crisis merchants masquerading as rights activists.” While appealing to Osun youths to exercise patience and await the outcome of the investigations being carried out on the matter, OSRA counselled that they must not lend themselves as willing tools to elements of RevolutionNow who were bent on causing mayhem in the state. “We are therefore calling on heads of security agencies in Osun to take proactive measures to avert mayhem in Osun. Although the protest is being originally planned for Monday, in Osogbo, security operatives must however be on the lookout for Ilesa, Ede and Ile-Ife as these mischief-makers may shift to any of these places to stage a protest that could cause a breakdown of law and order.” It added that such agitation must not have political colouration or be driven by criminal elements whose motives and objectives are to disrupt the peace enjoyed in the state.