The Federal Road Safety Corp, Akwa Ibom State command, has decried the 3,541 drivers licences in their custody that are yet to be claimed by the owners. The command also disclosed its plan to commence the road taxes enforcement and recovery in Uyo, the state capital which will start on Monday, April 4 to Friday 8 adding that the exercise will be held quarterly. The FRSC sector Commander, Matthew Olonisaye who disclosed these in a joint press briefing with the chairman, Akwa Ibom State Internal Revenue Service, Mr Okon Okon in Uyo on Friday, noted that the exercise was necessary in order to ensure that all road users comply with the rules and regulations of road usage as well as having valid vehicle particulars and drivers’ licence. Olonisaye added that the operatives during the exercise would check vehicles using government number plates stressing that the driver of any vehicle with government number plate must present a valid approval letter or risk arrest and impoundment of the said vehicle. According to him, “we are commencing our road taxes enforcement and recovery in Uyo starting from Monday 4 to Friday 8. The exercise is not to inconvenience anyone on the road but to ensure that rules and regulations are complied with. “Drivers using government number plates on their vehicles should be aware that we will check them and anyone that has no allocation paper, that vehicle will be impounded and the person arrested. ”One of the reasons why this exercise is important in Akwa Ibom State is because we have 3,541 unclaimed drivers licences at the board of Internal Revenue, this is totally unacceptable and we are not going to condone drivers driving on the road without drivers licence.” Olonisaye also cautioned the officers and men against extorting money from motorists or defaulters warning that anyone caught would be dismissed from duty even as he called members of the public to cooperate with the officials. Also speaking the chairman of AKIRS represented by the executive director of enforcement and recovery, Pst Leo Umana noted that no monetary transaction should be done on the road or outside the office of the internal revenue service. “Every defaulter during the exercise is expected to come to the office for his monetary transactions,” he said.