Some residents of Ogun State have been told to prepare for the coming rainy seasons that could lead to flooding in their areas. This is as the Nigeria Meteorological Agency (NIMET) and the Hydrological Services Agency (NIHSA) predicted that the two seasons of rainfall in 2022 would be between April and December. The agencies had predicted that Ogun, being a coastal state, would experience prolonged rainfall, accompanied by flash floods in most parts of the state, especially between June and July. It was also envisaged that the later coastal flooding may be compounded by the release of water from the Oyan Dam, accompanied by high tide in the lagoon. As a result, the Special Adviser to Governor Dapo Abiodun on Environment, Ola Oresanya, urged residents of the state to prepare for the likely impact of this year’s weather pattern. In a statement made available to DAILY POST correspondent in Abeokuta on Tuesday, Oresanya advised “residents in wetlands areas with low rainfall infiltration such as lsheri, Akute, Warewa, Oke-Afa, Owa and Yemule Riverbanks in Ijebu-Ode, Onihale in Ifo, Ogun Waterside, Ebute-Kimobi in Ijebu-East and those living near flood plains of Sokori, Arakanga and Onikoko-River in Abeokuta, Eruwuru in Sagamu, Ijamido, Isaka Owode-Yewa in Ado-Odo Ota Local Government to take precautionary measures during its season.” While saying the state government is committed to protecting lives and properties through various activities, Oresanya informed that the Abiodun administration has taken measures to control the problem of floods statewide. The Special Adviser, who enumerated some of the projects executed to control floods, enjoined residents to stop the habit of dumping refuse on the road and drainage channels. He charged those living in flood-prone areas to make adequate preparation to safeguard the vulnerable ones like children, the elderly and the physically challenged ones. He called on Community Development Associations (CDAs) to educate their members on the need to clean drainages and remove properties constituting restrictions to drainage channels. “Farmers, especially along the coastal areas and riverbanks are implored to take advantage of the weather outlook and plan the planting and harvest properly to prevent damages to their crop and livestock. “Motorists and pedestrians are implored to be mindful of the peculiarities of the season and be safety conscious while commuting during this period. “Furthermore, His Excellency, Prince (Dr) Dapo Abiodun MFR, has directed that the Flood Emergency Management Unit, FEMU be decentralized into all the Local Government Areas of the State for faster response to emergency calls during the rainy season. “The central response unit is domiciled in the Ministry of Environment while the responders in each Local Government is hereby attached. “Ogun State as an agrarian state looks forward delightfully to the season of rainfall to support our investment in Agriculture, Afforestation and Climate Change Adaptation Programs. “The need for effective collaboration with the Government to prevent the devastation of improperly managed rainfall and consequences of flooding is therefore compelling. “The season of rainfall is not a curse but a blessing. Please support the State government to keep our State free of flood,” he submitted.