Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The mosque committee of Apo legislative quarters, Abuja, has suspended its Chief Imam, Sheikh Nuru Khalid, over a sermon he delivered on Friday. Sheikh Khalid in the sermon flayed the government over its failure to tame the escalating insecurity and killings in the country. 2. The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has rejected the plan by Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State to bring in foreign mercenaries to help tackle insecurity in the State. ‎In a statement on Saturday, CAN Chairman in Kaduna, Reverend John Joseph Hayab, urged the Federal Government to call the governor to order to avoid a bigger problem. 3. The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) has given an update on the bombing of a Kaduna-bound train, declaring 21 people missing. Giving an update on Saturday, Managing Director of the corporation, Engr. Fidet Okhiria, confirmed that a total of 362 passengers boarded the ill-fated train. 4. The Imo State Police Command, on Saturday, said it has busted a criminal hideout of some suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra/Eastern Security Network who attempted the foiled attack on Mbieri Police Station in the Mbaitoli Council area of the State. 5. Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, on Saturday, promised to make 20 million Nigerians millionaires if elected President in 2023. Bello disclosed this while declaring his intention to run for the Presidency in 2023. 6. The immediate past deputy governor of Anambra State, Dr Nkem Okeke has said he dumped the All Progressives Grand Alliance because he needed to serve at the national level. Addressing journalists in Awka on Friday, Okeke said he had no regrets defecting to the All Progressives Congress at the time he did, because he was no longer enjoying the goodwill and confidence of Obiano. 7. Over 120 aspirants who stepped down for consensus candidates at the recently held convention of the All Progressives Congress have not been refunded the cost of their forms over one week after they were promised. 8. A-27-year-old man, Ibrahim Sikiru was on the 30th of March 2022 arrested by operatives of Ogun State Police command for killing his biological father. A statement issued by the command’s spokesperson, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the suspect was arrested following a complaint lodged at Onipanu divisional headquarters by one Abiodun Sunday, a neighbour to the deceased. 9. The National Orthopaedic Hospital, Dala-Kano has declared free medical care services for victims of the Abuja-Kaduna train attack. The hospital in a circular signed by the Director Admin, N. Harazimi said the decision to offer free treatment to the victims followed a directive by the Federal Ministry of Health to that effect. 10. Vice Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general elections and presidential aspirant for the 2023 elections, Mr Peter Obi, yesterday predicted that he might likely emerge as the consensus candidate of all Nigerians and the Peoples Democratic Party for the general elections.