Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has lambasted the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government for granting presidential pardon to former Governors of Plateau and Taraba states, describing the move as totally against his anti-corruption crusade. Wike bared his mind in Minna, the state capital, while addressing newsmen after a meeting with delegates of the Peoples Democatic Party (PDP) in the state to the National convention of the party on his presidential aspiration. Wike explained that the action of the Federal Government has ridiculed the judiciary which took several years before convicting the two former governors and made nonsense of the anti corruption crusade of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). According to him, “Buhari has messed up the judiciary, he has made nonsense of the activities of the EFCC, he has politicised his anti-corruption fight.It is unfortunate that when you said you are fighting corruption and those convicted for corruption charges are those granted pardon”. The presidential aspirant pledged not to quit the PDP, arguing, “even if I did not win the party’s ticket, i promise to work with whoever emerges as the flag bearer of our party”. He then advised the PDP delegates from Niger State and other states of the country not to vote based on regional and sectional background but a Nigerian candidate that is fearless and courageous to move the country forward. He further assured the Niger PDP of his continued support to move the party in the state to the next level. Responding, the state chairman of the PDP, Barrister Tanko Beji, appreciated Wike for his support to the party during it’s difficult moment, even without knowing them, adding that aggrieved party members have been reconciled. He also advocated a change in the reward system of PDP where loyalty should be rewarded and punishment be meted out on erring members. Wike was accompanied to the meeting by the former Governor of Gombe State, Mr Hassan Dankwanbo; former Attorney General of the Federation, Bello Adokie; senators George Sekibo and Olaka Johnson, among others. At least 98 delegates from Niger State will attend and vote at the PDP presidential primary.