Aggrieved members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Jigawa State, under the aegis of APC Stakeholders Forum, have petitioned the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), accusing the State Governor, Abubakar Badaru, of strangulating the party’s constitution. The stakeholders expressed their grievances in a petition addressed to the Caretaker Chairman and the Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, dated October 30, 2021. The petition were signed by Alhaji Sani Ibrahim Taura, Mr. Hafizu Abubakar, Alhaji Bala Idi Kazaure, Mutari Garba Garki and Saifullahi Muhammad Mudasshir. The stakeholders also sent a reminder of the petition to Buni dated December 23, 2021, which was obtained yesterday and demanded immediate cancellation of the state congresses. In the petition, the angry stakeholders pointed out that due process and provisions of the constitution of APC was strangled on 16th October, 2021 in the name of party state congresses in the state. They also accused the governor of single-handedly championing the congresses that produced consensus nomination of Alhaji Aminu Gumel as chairman of APC in the state, alongside thirty 35 other executive council members. While insisting that there was no genuine consensus that produced the current leadership of the state Executive council, the stakeholders noted that party members were carried along or contacted, adding that no nomination forms were offered for sales to any member apart from those installed for consideration by the Governor. The petition read: “Reference to the petition written dated 30th of October, 2021 and submitted to your good office; as stakeholders that participated actively in building APC in Jigawa state, we write to remind and bring the attention of your good office, the need to do justice to the crises bedeviling the APC in the state. “The leadership of APC in Jigawa state has been terrorized by Governor Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar Badaru who single-handedly championed the congresses that produced consensus nomination of Alhaji Aminu Sani Gumel as chairman APC Jigawa State alongside Thirty-five (35) other Executive Council (EXCO) members.” “We, the undersigned and card-carrying members of APC, being critical stakeholders of the party in Jigawa state observed with concern how due process and provisions of the constitution of our great party was strangled on October 16, 2021 in the name of party-state congress Jigawa State chapter. “We are aggrieved with what was termed as state congress that produce Alhaji Muhammadu Sani Gumel as chairman alongside 35 other Executive Council (EXCO) members in the state on the following grounds.”