Chief Stanley Emegha Okoro, Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ebonyi State, has cautioned five members of the National Assembly representing the state to desist from petitioning against the existence of Ebubeagu security outfit, which according to him, has reduced, killings, robbery attacks and other criminal activities in the state. Okoro, who is also the Special Security Consultant to the Ebonyi State Government, said that the Ebubeagu security outfit was established and backed up by law to avoid abuse of power, political witch-hunting of anyone, and to reduce all forms of criminality in the state. He made this known in a statement made available to journalists in Abakaliki, the state capital. “What we have today as Ebubeagu Security Outfit has been in existence prior to the administration of Governor David Umahi in Ebonyi State as Neighborhood Watch. The Governor only rebranded the security outfit through training and retraining of its personnel and also backed it up with a law to avoid abuse of power in any form,” he said. Okoro lamented that “eight personnel of Ebubeagu have been killed in a very gruesome manner in the course of discharging their official assignment with professionalism and gallantry, have helped to boost the security arrangement in the state hence citizens can now sleep with their eyes closed.” He, however, condemned in strong terms the motion moved and supported by the member representing Afikpo North and South Federal constituency at the green chamber of the National Assembly, Barr. Igariwey Idu, and his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) allies from the state calling on the Inspector General of Police and other security intelligence to investigate the Ebubeagu Security Outfit and her activities. Emegha, who admonished them to be more constructive and productive in their criticisms of the state government challenged the lawmakers to bring their scorecard to the public rather than be envious of the numerous legacies of Governor David Umahi. “To start with, it is very painful to record incidences of killing irrespective of status because it is not good to take life and as such it is condemnable and the Governor has already done that. It is unfortunate that things like that will happen and the opposition party will like to catch in just to heat up the polity and discredit the government in power. “Despite the fact that up to eight personnel of Ebubeagu have lost their lives in the course of discharging their duties, the opposition party never had sympathy even on their families. “The rules of engagement of Ebubeagu is well spelt out in the law of the state embarking its existence. For instance, if any of the personnel derails in eyes of the law, the person will automatically go in for it. “If you get to the police you will see some bad eggs among them in their custody. For example, some engaged in extorting money from motorists. Some were in the past arrested, prosecuted, dismissed and now at the correctional facility. “The Ebubeagu law, 2021 also stipulates that every arrest made must be handed over to police within a time frame. The opposition party capitalising on the incident that took place in Ivo Local Government Area to cause a crisis is highly unacceptable and despicable. Just like what the ex former legislator Linus Okorie is doing. “The formations of Ebubeagu makes it easier to tackle insecurity hence they are closer to the people thereby reducing response time to the barest minimum, the security expert opined,” he said.