President Muhammadu Buhari has said that the fight against insecurity and other challenges in Nigeria needs divine intervention. The President made the remark at the National Prayer Session for Nigeria and President Buhari, organised by the Kano State Government, held at the Sani Abacha Stadium on Saturday. The state government also invited the World Leader of Tijjaniyya sect, Sheikh Sharif Ali Bil-Arabi, who came to the state to grace the occasion. Buhari, represented by Minister of State for Agriculture, Mustapha Baba Shehuri, said his administration has been up and doing to overcome the security challenges bedevilling the country. According to him, the Federal Government has not rested on its oars in supporting security personnel with needed equipment and welfare in a bid to bring the insecurity to an end. He however said that, “despite the support, there is need to seek divine intervention for the Almighty to bring an end to the challenges.” Buhari also commended the Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, for taking a spiritual initiative towards making Nigeria peaceful. “I am very happy with this initiative. Indeed Ganduje is doing well in securing Kano and is giving his quota to achieving peace in the country at large. “No doubt, Nigeria is facing security challenges and we are doing our best to support the security personnel. That does not mean we should not seek divine intervention. This prayer session is part of the interventions and I commend the state governor for this,” said Buhari. In his remarks, Ganduje thanked Buhari for his efforts to ensure Kano remains peaceful by deploying security agents to secure the state. The governor noted that Nigeria is indeed facing security challenges and there is a need to seek divine intervention and to pray for the present to overcome the challenges. He stated that the state government is ready to make the prayer session an annual event where the state would invite world islamic scholars to grace the event every year. The governor also requested the leader of Tijjaniyya sect in Nigeria, Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi to bring the next Maulidi of Sheikh Ibrahim Nyass to Kano State. In his remarks earlier, Sheikh Al-Arabi preached for peace and stability, urging muslims to follow the footsteps of their leaders and Sheikhs.