The Rasaq Salinsile-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has described the outburst credited to Gboyega Famodun, another factional chairman of the party loyal to Governor Oyetola as a crude and gutter language. He also accused the factional chairman of being responsible for the setbacks the party has suffered in the State. In a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Abiodun Agboola, the party described Famodun, whom it claimed is a former chairman, as a failed party administrator and harbinger of misfortune into the party. While maintaining that the party took exception to the rude and gutter language Famodun employed in response to Rauf Aregbesola, the immediate past governor of the State and current Minister of Interior’s views, the statement added that it was that type of attitude and character that made reconciliation almost impossible. The party also accused Famodun of refusing to speak the truth and failing to act as a responsible party chairman at the early state of the crisis in the party. According to the statement, “It is unfortunate that Famodun became an errand boy for lilly-liver politicians because of the ‘change’ they give him. “Famodun should bury his head in shame and shut his mouth up seeing the party handed over to him enmeshed in crisis because of his ineptitude and selfishness. “The National Caretaker and Extra Ordinary Committee and the Senator Abdullahi Adamu-led reconciliation committee should take judicious note of this particular reaction of Famodun.” Gboyega Famodun had responded to the statement credited to Aregbesola’s disclosure that he was a member of the Rasaq Salinsile-led faction of the party and a member of The Osun Progressives (TOP). While warning him that the state chapter of the APC was too strong for him to break, he reminded the minister that there was no amount of intrigues by him that was capable of bungling the second term ambition of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola. In his words, the second term ambition of Governor Oyetola has divine guidance which makes it unstoppable by any mortal. DAILY POST recalls that the Senator Abdullahi Adamu led National Reconciliation Committee of the party arrived in the State last weekend on a peace mission. At the end of its visit and after meeting with the two sides involved in the crisis, members of The Osun Progressives, which officially enjoys support from the Minister of Interior, demanded that their congresses be recognised by the national secretariat of the party and that the State Governor should resign from the National Caretaker Committee of the party since he could not be a judge in his own election.