Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Three persons have been feared killed in Ondo State following an attack on a community in Ose Local Government Area of the State. The community, Molege village was said to have been attacked by herders over the refusal of villagers to allow them graze their cows on farmlands in the community. 2. Nnenna Kalu-Ude, a former Chorister at Commonwealth Of Zion Assembly (COZA), Abuja, has accused founder of the church, Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, of owing salaries of church workers. In a social media post, Kalu-Ude said many of the persons affected were afraid to speak up. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has finally inaugurated the Board of the newly incorporated Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) Limited. The president had constituted the board in September but shortly before it was to be inaugurated, he suspended the exercise indefinitely. 4. The Development Control Department in the Federal Capital Territory Administration, FCTA, has threatened to pull down five illegal hotels within the Mabglobal estate in Abuja. Consequently, the hotel owners have been issued a 21-day notice within which to revert to the original land use or have their property demolished in line with extant laws. 5. The outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has challenged the Department of State Services (DSS) among others, allegedly intimidating the Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu, Reverend Father Ejike Mbaka and other men of God, for praying for its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. This was contained in a statement signed Friday, by its spokesperson, Emma Powerful. 6. A prison officer, identified as Kayode Adeniyi, attached to the Correctional Centre in Ondo town, Ondo State, has reportedly committed suicide over his inability to pay house rent and meet other financial obligations. It was gathered that the deceased was attached to the Segede Correctional Centre in Ondo West Council Area of the State. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sadness over the death of 19 passengers who met their tragic fate on Thursday in a road accident that occurred on the Kano/Zaria Road. President Buhari in a statement issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, lamented that the frequency of road accidents is particularly worrisome. 8. The Organised Labour has said the Federal Government’s imposition of excise duties on locally produced non-alcoholic, carbonated, and sugary drinks is nothing, but a declaration of war on Nigerians. In a statement, the labour expressed fear that the imposition of the levy might degenerate into a breakdown in industrial relations in the sector. 9. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, has said President Muhammadu Buhari was persuaded and pressured by Nigerians to run for president. He was reacting to some comments delivered by the President on his plans for the 2023 presidential election. 10. The internal crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress over the February convention may have worsened with some members dragging the Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee before a Federal High Court in Abuja. The applicants were seeking an order of the Court to restrain the Buni-led CECPC from going ahead with the convention.