The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has accused some government officials of being responsible for the security crisis rocking the Southeastern part of the country. In a statement issued on Monday by its National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko, HURIWA asked Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and Senator Rochas Okorocha to stop causing “unnecessary panic and tension” in the region. The rights group stated this while reacting to the fresh enforcement of sit-at-home in Enugu State which led to attack on residents on Monday. According to HURIWA, the inability of the security agencies to stop the attack, “is a signal that members of security forces in the central government may be behind the plot to create instability and insecurity in the South East to precipitate warfare”. The group called on World Igbo Council to commission reputable independent body of forensic and security investigators to uncover saboteurs “embedded in the nation’s security institutions sabotaging the stability and security of South East of Nigeria. “Ndigbo in Diaspora need to synergize with Igbo at home so a concerted effort is made to unravel the individuals creating the state of fear and the climate of war in Igboland. “Also, the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria must be told in clear terms that his failure to explore political solution leading to the release from detention of the detained leader of the now proscribed Indigenous Peoples of Biafra Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is an inevitable invitation to continuous anarchy and violence in Igbo land”. The Rights group expressed concerns over how Orlu and Mbaise in Imo State have become increasingly “ungoverned spaces whereby brute force is applied by armed no state actors to force people to stay at home on Monday even when officially, the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra has denied ever dishing out such an order”. HURIWA said the alleged members of the deep state were responsible for the “sudden shift by President Muhammadu Buhari regarding his well-publicized meeting with selected Igbo elites during which time he promised to listen to their pleas for the release of the detained leader of the proscribed Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.” The group asked the Senator representing Orlu Senatorial Zone, Mr. Rochas Okorocha to submit a memo to the office of the National Security Adviser and to the National Assembly’s Committee on Public petition, his findings about who is funding the insecurity in the South-East of Nigeria. “We are appealing to both Governor Hope Uzodinma and Senator Rochas Okorocha to stop causing unnecessary panic and tension through unguarded media interviews, but to table their positions to the appropriate investigative offices in Nigeria so the real cause and persons sponsoring insecurity and instability of Igbo land are fished out, prosecuted and punished in accordance with the principle of Rule of law”, HURIWA added. It noted that it was impossible for mere and armed hoodlums to successfully enforce the illegal order of stay at home on Mondays in any part of the South-East region if the security agencies were not behind the organized chaos and anarchy in the South-East. The Rights group challenged the duo of Okorocha and Uzodinma to end their media war and opt for organised mechanisms of ascertaining the characters sponsoring terrorists to unleash violence on Igbo people.