An analyst, Alhaji Musa Ahmad, has countered the Zamfara State Government for claiming to have upper hands over bandits bedeviling the state. Ahmad said the government is making such a claim when innocent people are being killed by terrorists on a daily basis. Speaking with DAILY POST in Gusau, the state capital on Sunday, the analyst noted that it seems the government was not ready to end the insurgency because of some reasons best known to the higher echelon of the society, pointing out that they were only making the common masses scapegoats. “Recently, Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle told the whole world that banditry would not end soon in Zamfara State. It is surprising to hear such a statement from the chief security officer of the state. “Though he later denied the statement, saying that he was misquoted, he has forgotten that his statement was recorded by the journalists. Then, who is fooling who? Is it the fool that is fooling the fools?” he queried. Speaking further, the analysts noted, “But the common masses are ignorant of the political antics being played by these so-called greedy politicians who are the public enemies but luckily found themselves in the corridors of power.” Ahmad stated that a responsible government can not fold its hands and watch people being killed by bandits on a daily basis, saying that all the government top officials have well-equipped security personnel both in their houses and offices but left the common masses helpless. “They are treating the security of lives and property of common masses with a mere wave of hand because they have provided adequate security for themselves. “Governor Matawalle does not even want newsmen in his state to report the everyday killings in Zamfara. But if the journalists do not report what is actually happening in the state, how would the state get national and international assistance?” he added. According to the analyst, every politician in Nigeria is now warming up for 2023 general elections to come back and devour the remnant they have left, stressing that when the time comes, they will be giving out their looted money for the poor masses who are terribly hungry to come out en mass and vote for them again. “The truth remains that these politicians do not want to end poverty in the country because if they battle poverty, they would not see the youths to be used as political thugs again,” Ahmad observed. According to him, these politicians would always like to recover the money they spent during the campaign period before thinking of doing anything for the poor masses that brought them to power.