Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed the desire to conclude his tenure successfully because “age is telling on him”. Buhari, who clocked 79 on December 17, 2021, said this while reacting to a question during an interview on Thursday. 2. Explosives were thrown into Dikenafai Police Station in Ideato South Local Government Area of Imo State, on Thursday. Confirming the incident, Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Mike Abattam, said policemen engaged the hoodlums in a gun battle. 3. The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has threatened to call for a boycott of all businesses operated by Igbos all over the North. The CNG gave the warning in reaction to the so-called cattle ban by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). 4. At least 60 people were reportedly killed in attacks across villages in Zamfara State. Some of the affected communities were identified as Kurfa Danya, Kurfa Magaji Rafin Gero, Tungar Isa and Barayar Zaki in Bukkuyum and Anka Local Government Areas of the state. 5. The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has said no date has been fixed for the commencement of the sale of the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) forms. The board’s Spokesperson, Dr. Fabian Benjamin, said this in a statement released in Abuja, on Thursday. 6. Former President, Goodluck Jonathan visited President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Thursday. According to presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina, Jonathan briefed Buhari on the political development in the Republic of Mali. 7. Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, says there are no plans to sack government workers. The minister made this statement on Thursday during an interview following speculations that the government was planning to lay off workers to save funds. 8. A suspected ritualist disguised as a lunatic was Thursday, reportedly set ablaze by a mob at Ughelli, headquarters of Ughelli North Local Government Area, Delta State. There were, however, conflicting accounts on the circumstances that led to the incident which took place at the front of the Otovwodo Primary School. 9. The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) generated the sum of N2.240 trillion in 2021. The Amount, according to the Public Relations Officer (PRO), Compt. Joseph Attah, exceeded the target of N1. 678 trillion, set for the year by 33.49 percent. 10. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has commended President Buhari-led administration for heeding his call and finally labelling bandits wreaking havoc across the country as terrorists, but said the decision was not far-reaching enough. He said the action of the FG would be completed when groups like Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, MACBAN and Fulani Nationality Movement, FUNAM are also labelled as terrorists.