The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has called on the Nigerian government to intensify efforts to curb the general and pervasive insecurity across the country as well as the rampant intake of drugs and dangerous substances in order to have a successful 2023 general elections. The CNG spokesman, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, in a statement, said that Nigerians expect the government to bring a conclusive end to the daunting security challenges that characterised the country last year. According to the statement, “In the North especially, government, should, with the entire national resolve behind its efforts, work to achieve final disengagement, disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and reconstruction within the next few months. Unless this is done as quickly as possible, the 2023 elections would be greatly threatened and that would, in turn, affect the nation’s democratic progress and set the country back several decades.” It explained that it expected the Federal Government to review and improve the current structure of the national security assets, increase the number of boots on the ground, improve quality of equipment and greater synergy with the communities. The CNG advised state governments in the north to listen to advice, design a uniform approach to the insecurity situation with the full involvement of the communities. CNG opined that the drug situation in the north is one of the most serious social and security challenges facing the region and the country today. It stated that no nation can aspire to greatness or seek to remain secure and safe when its youth and the productive segments of society are left to indulge in self-destructive practices like drug and substance abuse. It said the serious challenges the region is faced with ought not to be treated with the level of levity and condescension shown by the governors of the affected northern states with a view of finding a way out to the problem. Suleiman suggested that the security problem must be confronted collectively with the entire will and resolve of the people behind the effort if it is to build on the current successes by the gallant troops in the north east in order to ensure a peaceful society. The statement explained that failure to take necessary steps would indubitably mean that every effort made in isolation will defeat all the endeavours, and render the task of ending the crisis more difficult and futile. It called on all to become stakeholders and be committed actors in the struggle to free the society and the country of the debilitating problem.