Inter-Party Advisory Council in Katsina State on Friday at the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) office in the state capital elected a new set of executives to oversee its activities for another two years. Ibrahim Tukur Saude of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) and eight other contestants were elected unopposed by 17 out of the 18 political party members of IPAC in the state. Speaking earlier, the Committee Chairman for the Katsina IPAC election, Muhammad Lawal Nalado of the Accord Party noted that “by the law guiding the conduct of the election, only contestants that are card-carrying members of political parties and are duly registered and recognized by the INEC were allowed to participate in the election.” Nalado disclosed that the contestants were drawn from among the state party chairmen as indicated in the IPAC state polls guidelines. The newly elected Katsina State IPAC executives are Ibrahim Tukur Saude of Zenith Labour Party returned as Chairman, Nura Abdullahi Rimi of Allied Peoples Movement (APM) emerged as Vice Chairman; Umar Ahmad Jibril of New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) elected as Secretary, while Kabir Kado of Boot Party was elected Deputy Secretary. Hassan Hamisu of the Peoples Redemption Party (PRP) was elected as Treasurer, Lawal Hashiru Barmo of All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) as Financial Secretary. Others are Ibrahim Abu of Labour Party elected as Public Relations Officer, Mu’azu Dahiru of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) as Organizing Secretary, and Murtala Ahmad Maidabino of Action Democratic Party (ADP) as its Legal Adviser. Speaking to Journalists after the election, the returned IPAC Chairman in the state, Ibrahim Tukur Saude thanked its members for the confidence reposed in him, promising not to disappoint them. He urged them to join hands with him to bring positive change to the state political system. On the forthcoming Katsina Local Government election, Tukur said they plan to organise a workshop/seminar in conjunction with the state government to inundate people in the state on the need to elect credible leaders above parochial interest.