The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Sunday, said President Muhammadu Buhari must release its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. IPOB said Buhari should not be deceived by lies that its members and the Eastern Security Network, ESN, have been defeated. Emma Powerful, spokesman of IPOB, was reacting to Buhari’s remark in which he dismissed the possibility of a political solution to Kanu’s trial. In a statement, Powerful linked Buhari’s refusal to release Kanu to some foreign-based traitors and enemies of IPOB. According to Powerful: “We are the global movement and family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under the command and leadership of our great leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU. Our attention has been drawn to the statement by President Muhammadu Buhari of Nigeria that he will not release our Leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. “We know that this position by Buhari after he had earlier promised a delegation of Igbo leaders that he would consider their appeal to consider a political solution for Kanu, was not unconnected with the visit by some foreign-based traitors and enemies of our struggle. “Our intelligence captured what transpired in a meeting between these sabotures and their host in Aso Rock. In the evil meeting the sabotures and traitors concluded with the presidency that Mazi Nnamdi KANU should not be released, claiming erroneously though, that IPOB and ESN has been defeated which is lies. “But we want to tell Buhari and his co-horts that he is going to make a mistake capable of consuming Nigeria should he fail to release Nnamdi Kanu because these bunch of criminals he had meeting with were not giving him correct information about IPOB and ESN outfit. “Why should the federal government be releasing bandits and terrorists wrecking havock across the country but fail to release freedom seekers. “Federal government should not be deceived by blacklegs and sacked members of the Movement who are feeding it with fake information about IPOB and ESN outfit for pecuniary interests. “IPOB is too big for them to comprehend and they could not fantom IPOB and its operational strategy when they were in IPOB, we don’t want to mention their names. The people who visited him promised to help him crush IPOB and ESN but unfortunately they cannot achieve that, actually they will be disappointed. “Nobody can defeat ESN and IPOB. We will fight for the struggle for freedom of Biafra till the last man. Biafra restoration is a divine mandate and nobody can scuttle it.”