There are indications that the Igbos may not accept the vice-presidential slot, as Nigeria draws closer to the 2023 general elections. The Southeast agitating for a Nigerian president of Igbo extraction has continued to gather momentum. Most notable leaders and pressure groups from the southeast have on several occasions urged Nigerians to allow the Igbo speaking tribe produce the country’s next president. Recall that a former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chuks Ibegbu, had urged possible presidential candidates from the North to support the Igbos in their quest to produce a Nigerian president in 2023. Ibegbu said the likes of Atiku Abubakar, Aminu Tambuwal, Yahaya Bello, Bala Mohammed, Bukola Saraki should shelve their presidential aspirations and support the Igbos. While clamouring for a Nigerian president of Igbo extraction, first Republic Aviation Minister, Chief Mbazulike Amaechi, had warned that Nigeria may disintegrate if the North retains the Presidency. Amaechi warned that Nigeria may explode if the two leading political parties decide to field candidates from the north. However, speaking to DAILY POST on this issue, Ibegbu said the Igbos are insisting on the presidency and not ready to take the vice-presidential slot. Ibegbu insisted that it’s either the presidency or nothing for the Igbos in 2023. He said: “No way, it’s presidency or nothing. We are not second class citizens in Nigeria and will never be. We would rather watch Nigeria unfold an unjust political higgery pokkery than accept vice president. Are we only good for VP or what? “What is wrong if we become president? Look, if nobody in Igbo land is ready to battle for president till the end, I chuks Ibegbu will come out and I will win. After all, I am better than most people that have been at Aso Rock since 1999.” On his part, Dimm Uche Okwukwu, the Deputy President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, said Igbos will not be happy if the slot of the Vice President is zoned to them. Speaking with DAILY POST, Okwukwu said: “If you want the presidency, you must prepare for it, be diplomatic and negotiate for it. I support a Nigerian President of Igbo extraction, it can come from any part of Igbo land. “They would be happier and feel more dignified if they are allowed to produce the president instead of the vice president. “You will agree with me that they produced the vice president in the person of Alex Ekwueme in 1979, which is 43 years ago, so why would they be going to the same class they have already passed? I think it’s not dignifying.
The Igbos will be sad, they will not be happy.”