Ahead of the National Assembly’s resumption tomorrow, January 18, the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi, said on Monday that Senators would aggregate opinions arising from their consultations on the controversial Electoral Amendment Bill, which was vetoed by President Muhammadu Buhari before parliamentarians went on Christmas break. He said Senators might have consulted widely with their constituents over the direct mode of primary elections. Speaking with Senate correspondents on Monday in Abuja, the leader said that the resumption would enable the Senate to interact with the House of Representatives on the way forward over the electoral bill. It would be recalled that prior to the time the Upper Chamber went on Christmas and New Year breaks, President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Lawan, had noted that the Chamber would look at the bill which was returned by President Muhammadu Buhari, particularly on those clauses Mr. President raised concern. According to the Senate President, the provisions of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) does not permit the upper chamber to exclusively take any action on such matters in the absence of the House of Representatives, since the latter has then embarked on recess. The Senate President, however, assured that a joint position would be reached with the House after due consultation with Nigerians to determine the appropriate line of action when both chambers reconvene from the Christmas break in January. Meanwhile, the Senate Leader said that whatever position that would be taken on the controversial electoral bill would be in line with the provision of the 1999 Constitution as amended. Senator Yahaya Abdullahi also stressed that he cannot predict what the final decision of lawmakers will be on the electoral bill. “Senators have consulted with their constituents and the outcome of their discussions will be reflected during debate on the floor of the senate”. The Senate leader also disclosed that the Constitution amendment will be given priority and other items on the agenda set at the beginning of the 9th Senate will be addressed and completed.