The Police in Borno State has apprehended some supporters of a House of Representatives member, Satomi Ahmed. The 40-year-old lawmaker represents Jere federal constituency in the state. He was elected in 2019. In a video on social media, thugs led by identified followers of Ahmed attacked a female resident in Maiduguri, Fadila Abdulrahman. On Monday, PRNigeria reported the confirmation of their arrest by Borno Police Commissioner, Abdu Umar. In custody are Bello Musa (Al-Shabba) 24; Nasiru Abubakar (Mane) 22; Mala Mohammed (Bobby) 30; Ali Shettima (Ari) 25. They were nabbed after Governor Babagana Zulum directed security agencies to find and prosecute the culprits. Fadila was beaten in her Zuhura Restaurant at the Shehu Sanda Kyarimi (Amusement) Park over a Facebook post against Satomi Ahmed. The gang, in retaliation, stormed her premises with clubs, sticks and other weapons. The victim was slapped and punched. One of the assailants threatened to send assassins to kill Fadila because he was ready to sacrifice his life for his ”political master”. “Be careful. Otherwise, we will just waste you”, he said in Hausa while raining abuses. A witness confirmed that the assault was coordinated by Ahmed’s supporter alias Donbest Abatcha, the manager of a recreational spot. “The attack was orchestrated by the Manager of Sanda Kyarimi Recreational Park in Maiduguri. He is popularly known as Donbest Abatcha. “He invited Sa’adu Suleiman Nakande, a loyalist of Satomi and other thugs to attack the innocent lady at her shop at about 5pm. “Donbest also ordered the thugs to destroy her restaurant, nearly a month after he gave her the space”, the citizen said. Video: VIDEO: Political thugs of Ahmed Satomi who represents Jere Federal Constituency of Borno state attacked, assaulted a lady, Fadila Abdulrahman, for scrutinizing the legislator in a Facebook post and destroyed her shop located at Amusement Park (Zuhura Restaurant) in Maiduguri, the pic.twitter.com/sysjjHjRYb — Jubril of Sudan till 2023 (@Gen_Buhar) January 23, 2022 