The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Olorunda local government, has disowned a chieftain of the party over an alleged verbal attack on Senator Ademola Adeleke. Akin Adeyi, a chieftain of the PDP in Osun State was accused of verbally attacking the former Senator whom many tout as the gubernatorial candidate of the party during a recent television programme in Abuja. The decision to disown the chieftain was contained in a statement jointly signed by Bola Ajao, the Secretary of the party in the state, Nathaniel Ojetola, Chairman of the party in Olorunda local government and Lateef Adesina, Ward 1 chairman of the party. The Executive Committee of the party in the state had on Friday, January 28, 2022, ratified a resolution submitted by the ward executives through Olorunda local government chapter which disowned Adeyi. The Osun PDP described the media attack as stupid and irresponsible adding that Adeyi had embarked on the venture to create an undeserved impression about himself. While calling on the members of the public to desist from dealing with Adeyi, the party added that Adeyi who is a security consultant is not known to all records of the party in all the wards, especially in Ward 1, unit 2 in the local government, which is the main requisite for membership of a political party. Reacting, Akin Adeyi who is a retired security personnel, disclosed that he is being victimised and blackmailed because he decided to speak the truth and make public the problems of the party in the state. Adeyi while debunking allegations against him, maintained that he petitioned the national secretariat of the PDP so that all matters and documents relating to Senator Ademola Adeleke can be properly scrutinised and streamlined before submission to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Adeyi in a chat with DAILY POST said there were records to show that he is a bonafide member of the party having been a member of the Security and Intelligence Committee of the party during the 2014 Osun gubernatorial election and a Director of Intelligence for the party He described the signatories to the statement credited to his dismissal as a bunch of jesters who instead of putting their heads together to prepare a befitting gubernatorial candidate for the party were more intent on casting aspersions on his persons. “The fact is Akin Adeyi has helped the Osun public to know the truth and the truth will set them free. I don’t have any problem with them. They are just being petty in their quest to impress their paymasters. He maintained that he has been bold enough to say the truth and also to defend the party through his actions adding that the recommendations he put forward in his petitions are being vigorously implemented. Recall that the PDP in Osun has been factionalised due to leadership squabbles and that disagreement has resulted in the Sunday Bisi and Olasoji Adagunodo factions of the party, which by proxy is being led by Wale Ojo. Insider sources also revealed to DAILY POST that some members of the party who are sympathetic to Akin Adeyi’s course are also facing dismissal from the party on account of their walking out of the party meeting in disagreement with the party’s action against the chieftain.