A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Oyedele Hakeem Alao, has claimed Governor Seyi Makinde failed the residents of the state. Alao who spoke on Thursday explained that the Governor has made life difficult for the people thereby defeating the essence of good governance. DAILY POST reports that Alao who recently joined the APC alleged that the Governor was only out to milk the state dry. https://dailypost.ng/2021/12/21/oyo-ad-gubernatorial-candidate-alao-joins-apc In a statement made available to DAILY POST through his Media office on Thursday, Alao alleged the governor was fond of inflating the cost of projects to siphon the resources of the state while also initiating policies that ridicule the image of the pacesetter state. The APC chieftain added that the recent award of the construction of 76.7 kilometres Iseyin-Fapote-Ogbomoso road for the sum of N43.1 billion, showed the profligate spending of the state government. Alao maintained that the Igangan mayhem, Iwo road killing of Rahman in June, hooligans wreaking havoc in Ibadan and proliferation of gangs fomenting trouble in virtually every part of the state coupled with the daily security challenges have exposed the unpreparedness of the government to value the lives of its citizens. He maintained that for these reasons, the Governor has failed residents of the state. Alao said, “It is ridiculous that the governor who has always claimed to be meticulous in managing the resources of the state is awarding a road contract whose cost is out of this world. As an engineer, I think Governor Makinde has an explanation to make while a kilometre of a road in Oyo State should cost higher than that of Kwara State where Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, awarded the construction of 34.5Km Kishi-Kaiama road at a cost of N3.7b. “What this means is that the governor is using the road project like others that include dualization of 6.2km Ibadan –Oyo-Iseyin/Okeho junction road at a cost of N6.1b and dualization of the 10.82 kilometres Ibadan Airport Road at a cost of N4.9b, to divert resources of the state into private pockets”. Alao who lauded Makinde for increasing the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) of the state, said the governor has failed to deliver in the agricultural sector despite the N7.6b loan facility obtained from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) spent on farm settlements. “The glory of Oyo State is dwindling under the administration of Governor Seyi Makinde, or how does one explain a state that has research institutes such as International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA) and Institute of Agricultural Research and Training (IAR&T), sending its youth to a state like Nassarawa for training on agriculture. “It is nothing but a fact that those at the helm of affairs in Oyo State are bereft of ideas to make the state self-sufficient in food production and move the state forward”.