Consumers of electricity spread across Taraba State have continued to groan over the alleged “crazy estimated bill” from the Yola Electricity Distribution Company. ” Those who spoke with DAILY POST on Tuesday expressed worry at the manner the company has continued to bill residents of the state on monthly basis. Residents said such exorbitant billings, if not urgently addressed, would continue to affect the prices of goods in the market. They also decried the delay by the federal government to compel the electricity company to make available to every household pre-paid meters. Hajiya Laraba who earns her living through the sales of soft drinks and sachet water said the high cost of electricity has begun to tell negatively on her business. Displaying her numerous electricity bills before DAILY POST reporter, she said there is a need for relevant authorities to as a matter of urgency wade into the extortion. Also on his part, Emeka Sunday, who owns a barbing saloon, said the outrageous bill, is on the verge of forcing his business to close. Unlike Emeka and Laraba, Salome Husseini, who told our correspondent that her inability to pay the bill has led to the disconnection of her shop, said she has resorted to using generators. “The only option I am left with is to purchase a generating set which I believe would be cheaper in terms of maintenance than the NEPA that has continued to bring high bills.” Other aggrieved customers who spoke with DAILY POST said they were charged over 200 percent of the normal electricity tariff and accused the new investors of daylight robbery. But in a swift reaction, the principal manager, corporate communications of YEDC, Kingsley Nkemneme, said the increase in electricity bill has nothing to do with tariff increase. He said, “What happened is that the energy consumption for the month of December which was what was billed for customers to pay in January 2022 increased.” “Customers according to him enjoyed a minimum of 20 to 24 hrs electricity supply. So we are aware of the complaints. We are going to address them.” While urging the people to exercise patience as the company resolves some of the challenges it met on ground, the company, said it will soon embark on sensitization visits to communities and traditional rulers to carry everyone along.