The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Monday, accused former militant leader, Asari Dokubo of colluding with the Federal Government and some corrupt politicians to recruit cultists, criminals to kill Biafran agitators. IPOB alleged that Dokubo and the government recruited Ijaw youths to carry out attacks on Biafra agitators while blaming it on members and the Eastern Security Network, ESN. The group made the claims in a statement by its spokesman, Emma Powerful. According to Powerful, “We are the global movement and family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under the command and leadership of our great leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU. We wish to remind Biafrans and the people living in the coastal region of Biafraland, which Nigeria falsely called South-South or Niger Delta, that it has come to the knowledge and attention of the global family of IPOB, how Asari Dokubo and his co-travellers are recruiting cultists and some deluded and gullible Niger Delta militants to fight against the Biafra cause. “We don’t want to dignify Asari and his criminal recruits with a response, but for clarity’s sake, we decided to make this public so that people should not blame us if anything happens. “Biafrans living in both coastal areas and hinterland are all part of our great nation. They must understand that Asari and his few traitors are trying to create confusion between Igbo Biafra and Izon Biafra, but we are waiting for his recruited boys. He should not think that we are cowards. Let him venture and see what we are capable of doing. “IPOB intelligence unit uncovered plan of how Asari is moving around coastal areas of Biafra land recruiting cultists and demented fellows to join the wicked Nigeria security forces, evil politicians including some governors in the South East Region to attack people and blame it on IPOB and ESN operatives. The public should know about this wicked plot in the coastal areas of Biafra by a few enemies of Biafra restoration. “Asari Dokubo has sealed his contract with the Nigerian Government and some SouthEast politicians in recruiting Ijaw youths to fight Biafra agitators in Biafra hinterland precisely IPOB and ESN operatives.”