The Benue State Government has released the sum of N500 million for the resumption of construction work on the Ikov-Utange-Mbagwaza-Mbagba-Lessel road. The road traverses four council wards of Mata in Ushongo LGA of Benue State. Governor Samuel Ortom disclosed this Saturday, January 29th, 2022 during a funeral oration at the burial of late Pa Pius Igyase Ate, held at his wife’s maternal home, Tse-Gbatse, Mbayegh in Ushongo Local Government Area. He also revealed that arrangements are being finalised to commence production at the Orange Processing Plant in Ushongo, even as he directed the Commissioner for Education to look into the issue of hostel accommodation at the Technical School in Mbayegh, Ushongo LGA. Governor Ortom, who was accompanied by his wife, Dr Eunice, acknowledged the gap in revenue collection in the state due to the activities of illegal revenue collectors along the highways in the state, stressing that the issues were being addressed with the new management at the Benue State Internal Revenue Service. The Governor also warned those terrorising road users with illegal revenue collection checkpoints to desist from the practice or be ready to face the wrath of the law. While praying for the family of the deceased who lived 109 years old, the Governor said the late Pa Pius Ate had left notable footprints in the sands of history and should be celebrated in his death. Earlier, the Executive Chairman of Ushongo Local Government Council, Joseph Asawa decried the activities of illegal revenue checkpoints in Ushongo, saying the ugly development has overwhelmed his council and the traditional institution in the area’ He sought the intervention of the governor in the matter. The Council Chairman said, checks uncovered 23 illegal checkpoints in Ushongo, mostly operated by strangers at night, pointing out that sometimes, the operators extend their activities to markets in broad daylight. Speaking on behalf of the traditional institution, Tor Kwande, Chief Ambrose Iyortyer commended Governor Ortom and his wife for the Orange Processing Plant in Ushongo and many other projects in the area, even as he appealed for action against illegal checkpoints in the area.