The Catholic Bishop of Uyo Diocese, Akwa Ibom State, Most Rev. John Ayah, has said that Nigerian presidency should be made to go round the geopolitical zones in the country as every zone has something to contribute to the growth and economic well-being of the nation. The Bishop, who made the assertion in Uyo, the Akwa Ibom state capital during the end of the annual diocesan praying and fasting assembly, held at Cardinal Ekanem Seminary grounds along Brook Street, said no group should have monopoly of leadership. “Let leadership go round, everybody has something to contribute and when we bring all these contributions together, we make Nigeria great again. Leadership is not meant for a particular group, what makes a particular group better than others?” He queried. Continuing, he said, ”If we have good leaders in the north, we have them in the west, and in the south as well. Let leadership go round so that everybody shares in it. It is like cake, when everybody shares in it, nobody will be angry, nobody will be disgruntled at the end of the day. “God has blessed us in this country and each of us from our various vantage points has something to contribute to the growth and well-being of this country. The Igbo man has something to contribute, the man from the north has something to contribute, the man from the west also has something to contribute. “And we from this part of the country (south) also have something to contribute and we’ll bring all these contributions to make Nigeria great. God has given us what it takes to be a great nation.we should look towards that direction and see what God has in store for us and make Nigeria great” On the issue of agitation for separation, the Catholic Bishop said he was not an apostle to that, stressing that what is needed in the country at the moment is for the people to pray and work towards the unity and growth of the nation. He noted that there is every indication that if the Biafra nation is created, there is every possibility that another secessionist group would emerge seeking its independence even as he admired the unity seen in the United States of America. According to him, “It is not good to break up, if Biafra breaks away today, another disgruntled group will want to break away as well, rather, Nigerians should pray and work to keep the country together and the leaders should look for a lasting solution to all the issues threatening our unity and growth. “Let us pray for God to give us good leaders in this country, who have the interest of the people at heart, who think about those poor people out there who cannot feed. Let’s look at the greatness of this country and pray that God will hear our cries “When I hear America I envy them so much. No part of that country is clamouring to be a separate country. They all want to work together as a people, they are wonderful in so many ways. We too are blessed.” Bishop Ayah however prayed for unity and security of Nigeria and asked God to see the country through all these trying moments.