The Ekiti State chapter of the People’s Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the outcome of the party gubernatorial primary election which produced Bisi Kolawole as very credible, free and fair. The party called on other aspirants and all stakeholders to embrace the outcome of the contest in the spirit of sportsmanship. The State Working Committee, (SWC) of the party led by the Acting- Chairman, Lanre Omolase disclosed that the party has commended the PDP National Working Committee, NWC for its transparency and impartiality after a thorough review of the election. He called on all aspirants and their supporters to regard the contest as a family affair where there is neither a victor nor a vanquished. The Ekiti State PDP Publicity Secretary, Raphael Adeyanju in a statement on Monday said “the primary election was keenly contested by seventeen aspirants and after the conclusion of the election, the second runner up, Segun Oni openly congratulated the winner, Bisi Kolawole and embraced him.” While congratulating all the party members for their orderly disposition, the acting chairman, Omolase said the majority of aspirants have openly endorsed the election and promised to work with the party candidate to become the next governor of Ekiti State. “We had seventeen aspirants, and the majority of them have accepted the outcome of the primary election, if only two of them have not made up their minds, that cannot discredit the outcome of the primary election because they will be in the minority.” ”We are, however, still urging them not to behave like bad losers. They should come out to embrace our candidate. We are ready to carry everybody along in this project because the success of the party in the general election is our collective responsibility” The SWC also commended the former leader of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose and other leaders of the party for their maturity in handling the affairs of the party despite the overzealousness of some aspirant supporters. Commending the party leaders’ prompt commencement of the reconciliations process, the SWC noted with pleasure that the winner of the primary election, Bisi Kalawole has started to reach out to other aspirants to extend his hand of fellowship. “This gesture is going to yield positive results because of Bisi Kolawole’s good antecedent’s. This is a man who had worked with a majority of aspirants, either as a political functionary or as a party official. He was one of the greatest supporters of Governor Segun Oni in the House of Assembly during the latter’s regime. ” He was also the coordinator of the campaign organization of Prof. Kolapo Eleka when the former Deputy Governor was the party gubernatorial candidate. He is also a very close associate of Senator Abiodun Olujumi and other aspirants” Describing the outcome of the contest as a victory for all, the state working committee urged all party members to prepare for the real party ahead, when the party will face the ruling, All Progressive Coalitions (APC) in the forthcoming general election. “Ekiti State electorates are anxiously waiting for us to put our house in order so that it will be easy to dislodge the APC “, the statement read.