Babafemi Ojudu, President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Adviser on Political Matters, has vowed not to support the presidential ambition of Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Ojudu explained that he would not support Tinubu’s presidential ambition due to his “principled political choices.” The associate of the APC National Leader made the remark in response to alleged blackmail against him for opposing Tinubu’s ambition. In a statement he signed, Ojudu stressed that his opposition to Tinubu’s ambition is not due to betrayal. He noted that most of those supporting Tinubu’s presidential ambition wouldn’t resort to blackmail if they knew him. The presidential aide recounted how Tinubu opposed Afenifere’s choice of former President Olusegun Obasanjo in 2003, and when he supported Chief Olu Falae against Bola Ige, who fought for him to emerge as the candidate of Alliance for Democracy in Lagos State. Ojudu pointed out that Tinubu never made him but they both helped each other during their younger days. According to Ojudu: “The idea that everyone who has related with Tinubu and disagrees with him on this presidential bid is a traitor and a betrayal is puerile. Many of us, his associates, were not made by him as you also want the world to believe. “We were already made before meeting him and in the cause of relating, we gave one another a helping hand. “So, on this matter of 2023 I wish him well but I cannot in good conscience give him my support or cast my vote for him in the coming primary. It is my right. I am above 60 years of age for God sake. “Let no one think he can browbeat or blackmail me to do what does not go with my conscience or my ideals. Enough of your phone threats and the embarrassment of my family members. “I know Tinubu. I respect and adore him. Many of his latter-day supporters do not even know him. If they do, they won’t resort to emotional and physical blackmail. “When Tinubu decided to go against Afenifere and the Yoruba elders in 2003 by not supporting President Olusegun Obasanjo, he wasn’t betraying the Yoruba nation or a traitor to Afenifere. He made a choice and history has been his judge. Let history be my own judge too. When he supported Chief Olu Falae against Chief Bola Ige, our respected leader, who fought for him to emerge as the candidate of Alliance for Democracy in Lagos, no one shouted betrayal.” Last week, the former Lagos State governor opened up on his presidential aspiration. He had informed Buhari of his decision to contest for the presidency in 2023.