A 25-year-old suspected fraudster, Oderinde Wasiu Damilare, who specialises in defrauding Point Of Sales (POS) operators with fake bank alerts, has been apprehended by operatives of the Osun Western Security Network Agency. Confirming his arrest in Osogbo on Tuesday, Amitolu Shittu, the Field Commander of Amotekun Corps in the state revealed that the suspect had also been defrauding innocent members of the public within and outside the state by buying goods and collecting money from Point of Sales (POS) operators with fake bank alerts. Shittu stated that Oderinde was arrested after a series of complaints from some of his victims and that upon interrogation, the suspect had since confessed to the allegation against him. The Field Commander stated that the suspect disclosed that he started defrauding unsuspecting members of the public across some states in the south West a few months back. Revealing details that led to the arrest of the suspect, Shittu explained that, “On January 24, 2022, at about 1220hours, a report was brought to the Amotekun Corps office at the Area Office, Modakeke by a man identified as PT who reported that the suspect named Oderinde Wasiu Oluwadamilare has been duping his Point Of Sales across the state. “The investigative apparatus was deployed which led to the arrest of the suspect.” Shittu, who identified the suspect as an indigene of Balogun Compound in Ilobu, further disclosed that upon interrogation, the suspect admitted that he had perpetrated the act in Ile-Ife, Osogbo and Modakeke and other parts of Ondo State. He claimed that on each false transaction with his victims, he always made away with the sum of N95,000:00.” “One Mrs Taiwo Olatipe, a resident of Akure is his victim.” Outlining the mode of operation being deployed by POS fraudsters, the Amotekun boss stated that, “It has become necessary at this point to alert members of the public to a new trick being adopted by some conmen to defraud the people. “The unscrupulous elements go to commercial outlets including shops, petrol stations, hotels, supermarkets and purchase goods and services and ask to be allowed to pay through POS. “They then proceed to manipulate the POS and generate credit alert without the account being credited.” While urging members of the public to be conscious of who they transact business with, Shittu noted that investigation is on towards curbing the new trend. The suspect, who also confessed to being a member of Eye Confraternity during his secondary school days, has since been handed over to the appropriate security agency for further investigation and prosecution.