Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi on Monday condemned the murder of one Anyim Nnaogo and three others at Akaeze community in Ivo LGA of the state by suspected members of Ebubeagu Security outfit. The governor also condemned the razing of over twelve houses, a fuel station, buses partly belonging to the Ivo council chairman Ogbadu Onyebuchi and other valuable properties worth millions of naira by irate youths. The governor who visited Akaeze community ordered that anyone involved in the incident be apprehended and brought to book. Umahi who spoke to DAILY POST through the special assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr. Francis Nwaze said: “The governor just visited Akaeze now for on the spot assessment. He condemned in totality the ugly development contained in the viral video that resulted in killings. He said justice must take its course”. In a swift reaction, the traditional ruler of Umuihe community, HRH Eze Umazi Ubani, also condemned the killings and razing of houses and other valuable properties in the community. He revealed that the irate youths attempted to set ablaze his palace but thanked the traditional rulers of Npu community and security operatives who came to his rescue. “I went for an operation, I returned on Wednesday, I heard that somebody used a matchet to chase somebody returning from his farm, with a motorcycle, he butchered him first in the hand, and the second one on the leg, the boy fell from the motorcycle. “A passer-by going to the farm, who saw the incident, returned and reported to men of Ebubeagu what he saw on his way, Ebubeagu now went to their place and reported to their people what happened, I leant that their people were the ones who reported to Ebubeagu that the boy had returned, the boy in question is a bad boy, one, he is a thief, he steals people’s things and if he’s stealing your thing and you come, he would chase you, he has used machetes to cut people the previous year. “Ebubeagu went to carry him, and they said he pointed at one of them and said he’s the next person to be killed, they now started beating him and used an axe to cut him, I must say that they beat him the way they were not supposed to, because using a weapon to cut somebody in an investigation is not proper, cutting his penis is not proper, the worst is after everything, they went and put it on the internet, and when it was posted on the net, some politicians rode on it and started this problem. “When I heard it, I carried myself with the bandage on me, I went to see the deceased family with a cartoon of beer as our tradition demands that I should go with wine, I went to beg them that we should settle it amicably. “The problem, as I told you, had it been that Ebubeagu did not post that thing on the net, their opposition political party couldn’t have used the opportunity to cause this, I am seeing it a mistake and they were supposed to take that boy to the police station, the people that sponsored this thing did not do well because this is politically motivated” he stated.