Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi has said he is not afraid to contest for President under the platform of the All Progressive Congress, APC, with Alhaji Bola Tinibu and the vice president Prof. Yemi Osibanjo. Umahi who declared intention to contest for president in the forthcoming 2023 general election, revealed his preparedness to develop the country, claiming he will start from where President Muhammadu Buhari stopped. Umahi who spoke during an interview with the Channel television on Tuesday said the southeast geopolitical zone is united and deserves to be given the opportunity to rule the nation. The governor who notified President Muhammadu Buhari of his intention to contest for President said power comes from God. “I believe that it is God who spoke to me to contest for President under the platform of the All Progressive Congress, APC. And I have told President Muhammadu Buhari of my intention to contest. WE must do anything possible to remove ethnicity in the country. “You know that Mr President is a father. And he believes in given everybody equal opportunities to exercise their faith. And so, you would expect Mr. President to be a man of integrity. He told me that people who will contest for President must consult wildly. “I’m not a mind reader and I don’t know what is in the mind of Mr President. If it pleases God, He will input me in the heart of President Muhammadu Buhari and I will become that favoured candidate. But for now, he has not told me and I cannot read his (Buhari) mind. “The truth remains that I can’t deny that there is sentiment among our people on the lack of inclusiveness on the politics of Nigeria. The truth remains that it is not going to be by force but by dialogues, by persuasion and sitting down with the leaders of this country and making them see reasons. It is important that we don’t frighten any section of this country. “Power belongs to God. For God to take someone from Prison and made him the President of this country, is a frightening miracle than talking of running for president against those people (Tinibu, Osibanjo) you mentioned. I’m not in Prison and I’m not afraid” he stated.