Governor Samuel Ortom has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for giving attention to the power sector. The Governor who spoke Tuesday, at the Benue Peoples House Makurdi after listening to the Minister of Power, Abubakar Aliyu said he was enlightened given the details of what the Federal Government was doing in the power sector in the state. He however said “you can do more to improve the power generation of Nigeria. Minister I am happy listening to you give these details. I am personally enlightened. And this is commendable. When there is electricity, there will be massive recruitment in industries.” While advocating for synergy between the Federal, States and Local Governments towards the funding of the power sector, he said his administration is ready to support other initiatives to boost the improvement of the power sector in the state because “electricity is key to industrialisation.” Governor Ortom said since the inception of the Buhari-led administration in 2015, he had identified power and security as priority areas to encourage local and foreign investment in the economy. He said his administration remains committed to supporting federal projects especially those that bother on harnessing economic potentials of the state, stressing that it was in the light of this that he had intervened to ensure that transmission lines pass through communities requesting compensation to the substation. The Governor commended the improvement the Ministry of Power has achieved in the provision of electricity, describing it as an opportunity for the minister, Aliyu to write his name in gold. He then appealed to the Federal Ministry of Power to stop Distribution Companies, DISCOs from shifting the cost of procuring electricity infrastructure to customers. The Governor explained that DISCOs as essential service providers collect money from customers in form of bills and should use the same to procure and or repair transformers and other electrical infrastructure for use by customers instead of leaving the responsibility to the end-users. He particularly acknowledged the cooperation of the senator representing Benue North East and chairman of the Senate Committee on power, Dr Gabriel Suswam for the progress recorded in the sector. The Minister of Power, Aliyu informed the Governor earlier that they were in the state to inspect the work on the Yandev Power Substation, a trajectory of Kashimbila Power Generation Dam. He said the first phase of the work which is upgrading the substation has been completed and will be able to generate 40 Megawatts of electricity to boost the power supply in parts of the state. He said phase two of the project which has reached forty percent was to carry the transmission lines from Yandev to Makurdi and other parts of the state. The minister who was accompanied by the Minister of State for Power, Goody Agba and other officials said the project was part of efforts of the Federal Government to shore up power generation and distribution in the country. He stated that the upgrading and strengthening of the national grid has reduced system collapse to the barest minimum.