A former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Diran Odeyemi, has said he is not aware of any information regarding his purported suspension for anti-party activities in his ward in Obokun Local Government Area of Osun State. In a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Sunday, D-Roy as he is popularly known insisted that he was not aware of any information to that effect. Maintaining that he had not done anything to warrant a suspension, Odeyemi explained that he was surprised to see the announcement on social media and since then, there has not been any official letter to back up the suspension. While calling for a thorough investigation of the source of the announcement, he maintained that the person or group which came up with the suspension needed to be sought out. In a letter addressed to the PDP National Chairman, Odeyemi alleged that the intervention of the new South West National Vice Chairman, Olasoji Adagunodo in the state’s PDP affairs by declaring his crony, Wale Ojo as acting state chairman was appalling and condemnable. The former Deputy PDP spokesperson claimed that the recent action of the party’s South West National Vice Chairman negates the peace and reconciliation process and stifles the team spirit required to win the governorship election in both Ekiti and Osun States. While accusing Adagunodo of not meaning well for the party in the state, he called on the National Working Committee to call Adagunodo to order and mandate him to withdraw all his case files from different courts Odeyemi also asked the National Working Committee to reaffirm Sunday Bisi as the authentic Chairman in Osun State as ratified by NEC at the last National Convention of the party and to confirm the party’s venue of operation in Osogbo as the only PDP state secretariat in Osun. Reacting, the PDP chairman in Obokun, Owoeye Adelani has stated that the news of the purported suspension is an aberration. In his words, “Prince Diran Odeyemi is our true representative from Obokun likewise Adagunodo Soji is our man. They are all responsible within the state and Nigeria in general. “Prince Diran Odeyemi is a member of Obokun PDP as am talking now and he is not under any suspension or expulsion.”