The Ondo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has said that Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu will soon be chased out of the Government House over alleged looting of the state by the immediate family of the governor. While stating that Akeredolu cannot feign ignorance of the alleged looting, the party stressed that the governor and his family are on the verge of milking the state dry. According to the PDP, the grandeur and opulence in which Akeredolu and his family had been living is a huge contrast to the standard of living and lives of the people of the state. The PDP, in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Kennedy Peretei, stated that the governor had been using his wife and children to siphon funds from the coffers of the state through the registration of various companies. Peretei, in the statement, maintained that contractors who worked across various project sites in the state hardly get paid for jobs while contracts awarded to any member of the first family were always paid promptly which he said some of their cronies always brag about. “Every passing day in Ondo State, one is confronted with the reality that, there is a very slim possibility of Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, Governor of Ondo State, and his All Progressives Congress to completely serve out his remaining tenure. “This speculation is fueled by the financial recklessness, brazen lack of respect for rules by Akeredolu’s wife Betty, his son, Babajide and lately his daughter, Teniola and her husband Michael Olatunde,” the statement read in part. The PDP spokesperson emphasised that the situation became more pathetic when some retirees in the state and workers of tertiary institutions were yet to be paid their gratuities and salary arrears. In his reaction to the allegations, the Commissioner for Information in the state, Donald Ojogo, stated that “a responsible Government does not descend into the arena of perfidy and frivolities triggered by idleness, to trade words. “This is not the first time the opposition party will cry in this mindless manner. Of course, you don’t expect a child not to cry when flogged. “The PDP must be seen to be saying something, at least. We can only sympathise with them even though we won’t share in their self-inflicted pains.”