Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has shortlisted 5,000 out of the nearly 1.5 million job applicants. The development comes two years after the corps began the process to recruit Nigerians into the service. 2. The Director-General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum, Salihu Mohammed Lukman has said governors elected on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have been reduced to punching bags. In a statement on Thursday, Lukman asked the Gov Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee not to take progressive governors for granted. 3. Aminu Baba, a prominent businessman dealing in cars and other vehicles at Aminchi Motors Gusau, Zamfara State, has opened up on his nefarious activities. Baba, who was arrested by the police, confessed to eating and selling human parts to some unknown persons. 4. Otunba Dele Momodu has declared his interest to run for President under the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The media mogul indicated his interest while handing a letter of interest to the PDP National Chairman at the party’s secretariat in Abuja. 5. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) yesterday, arrested Oluwasegun Bolarinwa, a fake Army General, for alleged N270million fraud. The suspect, who posed as a Nigerian Army General, allegedly made false representations to the complainant, Kodef Clearing Resources. 6. Nobel laureate, Wole Soyinka, has debunked claims that he has endorsed the presidential ambition of the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. Soyinka in a statement entitled, “Season of Fakery Galore,” dismissed reports about him and Tinubu as fake news, advising the public to disregard it. 7. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, Thursday, swore-in eight newly appointed Commissioners and five Special Advisers with a charge on the appointees to shun all acts that could tarnish their image and make them regular callers at the offices of anti graft agencies. The inauguration came nine days after the Governor partially dissolved the State Executive Council. 8. Security operatives in Zamfara State, on Thursday, said it has rescued no fewer than 17 victims abducted from Niger State into the State. The victims were said to have been abducted on the 14th December, 2021, in Wamba Village, Mariga Local Government Area of Niger State. 9. South-West States, on Thursday, said they had put the regional security outfit, Amotekun, on the alert following renewed attacks by killer herdsmen and terrorists in Ondo State. Amotekun officials of Osun, Oyo, Ondo and Ekiti States, yesterday said they had got credible intelligence that terrorists fleeing military operations in the North-West would seek refuge in the southern States. 10. Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, has said the State will never be part of Biafra. He said the State was better in a fair and equitable Nigeria, reiterating that “if anybody tells you about Biafra, Ebonyi State will never be part of Biafra”. Umahi stated this in Abakaliki, on Thursday, during a reception organized for him after declaring his presidential bid, in Abuja.