The Federal Government has been advised to seek the opinion of Nigerians on the planned removal of fuel subsidy. The coordinator of Christ Apostolic Church, Babalola Memorial International Miracle Camp, Ikeji, Osun State, Prophet Sam Olu Alo said such will help the government in making the right decision that is acceptable to the citizenry. Alo also admonished all Nigerians to love one and another, fear God first and continue to see the project Nigeria as theirs to ensure peace and harmony in the country. The cleric, who spoke during the first service at the camp, said the decision to pay N5,000 to some category of people after subsidy removal may not work if people’s views are not sought. Prophet Alo, who is the planter of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) Grace of Mercy Prayer Mountain Adamimogo Outreach, said, “There is no sin in the removal of fuel subsidy. “But I heard they had resolved to be giving 5000 naira stipend to the people. They need to come to the round table with the people to discuss better things to spend the money on that will be of benefit to all. “If they just unilaterally decided that money will be shared with people, it will only increase their sufferings. What can 5000 naira buy in our market today? “There must be a dialogue or an agreement on whether it should be used for construction of train tracks connecting all states of the federation, farmers, business owners will benefit and employment will be created for youth. It could also be used for security, roads construction and electricity. “It must be attached to a particular project and backed by law, so that, it will be used for the purpose it is meant for”. He noted that fuel is also costly in most of the developed or less developed countries he had visited, but people there are not complaining because they see good roads, jobs, water, electricity provided by the government with their money. “If this is happening in Nigeria, people will not resist the move to remove the fuel subsidy,” he said. ” I am a Yoruba man, my belief is that is shall be well with Yoruba, Hausa, Ibo, other ethnic groups and Nigeria at large because God has blessed this country with human and natural resources but we are lagging behind because we have a visionary leader as we had them at the inception of our nationhood. This is why we are not being fulfilled. “It means if we failed to do it ourselves nobody will help us out. The mind of God for us is love. We all must help this country in our prayers including those agitating for Yoruba and Biafra nation and self-determination. “If God gives good leaders, we will all enjoy them irrespective of where we came from. It is people within Yoruba, Igbo or Hausa or from any other group that would be elected political leaders not that leaders will be imported from outside our communities to lead us. What we lack is love and fear of God”.