Niger State Governor, Abubakar Sani Bello has revealed solutions to the challenge of banditry in the country. Lamenting the increasing rate of banditry in the state despite the efforts to curb it, Bello said such efforts have failed to yield the desired results. Bello also endorsed the candidature of Former Governor of Lagos State Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu for the 2023 presidential elections under the All Progressives Congress, APC. Bello, who gave his endorsement during a courtesy visit by Asiwaju Tinubu at Government House Minna, said the Nation is waiting for Tinubu to lay the same foundation, he laid in Lagos State for Nigeria come 2023. “God in his wisdom gave Asiwaju the wisdom to lay the foundation of the Lagos you see today. We pray to see a foundation in the whole of Nigeria tomorrow. I mean, when you go to Lagos, Lagos is a country within a country. The governor also described the bandits as a group of persons whose hearts have been cemented, hence no amount of talking or dialoguing with them can change them. He, however, advocated that the time has come for Nigeria to change its approach to the ongoing war against banditry and terrorism from conventional warfare to technological driven warfare. ” No amount of talking will change them because they are no longer normal human beings. In this age and time, we don’t fight conventional wars, we use technology. We use to send many soldiers and police to the forest and spend a lot of money with no results. But with technology through satellite TV, you can sit in the comfort of your room and see everything that is happening in the forest” “But you have to pay and it’s expensive, but I think it worth it. So there are solutions and all hope is not lost. All we need to do is take the necessary steps by doing the right thing,” the governor further advised. Bello also appreciated the Former Lagos State Governor for empathizing with the State government and people over the incessant banditry attacks. Earlier, Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu called on Nigerians not to give up in the ongoing fight against bandits, saying with prayers and strong determination, the war would be won. The APC National Leader and the two-term former Governor of Lagos State explained that he was in the Niger to commiserate with victims of banditry attacks, while announcing a donation of N50m to Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, in the state. ” We share in your grief, I am here for the people of Niger State, hearing and reading of disasters, Banditry and cattle rustling every day, just like what happened on Wednesday again in Nguru. It is very sad and unfortunate.” Tinubu was accompanied by Senator Abu Fari from Katsina, Ibrahim Abdullahi, House of Representatives from Niger State and James Falake representing Ikeja Federal constituency of Lagos State.