Sikirulai Ogundele has said he remains the only Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State, debunking rumour of factional groups in the party. Ogundele said this Thursday in reaction to a factional meeting of the Ogun PDP held by a group loyal to Semiu Sobayo in Abeokuta, the State capital. The faction had yesterday endorsed Segun Showunmi as its governorship candidate in 2023, rejecting Ladi Adebutu, whom it accused of trying to pocket the PDP in Ogun. However, in a statement he signed personally, Ogundele said, “The Ogun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) reiterates its assurance that there is no faction anywhere in the state chapter of the party following the successful harmonisation of all blocs of interest in the party since March 2021. “Given this background, I make bold to say that all members of the party now enjoys crisis-free, stable and harmonious working relationship under my Chairmanship.” Ogundele maintained that the party’s umbrella is big enough to accommodate all loyal members. On the strength of this, he encouraged all members to leverage on the stable and formidable platform of the party to ventilate and advance their political aspirations. The PDP chieftain emphasised that “political contest for any political office in the party is wide open to all as the party is prepared to create a level playing ground for all.” He said it is equally important to know that PDP is not just a responsible political organization, “it is the only democratic political assemblage of experienced, rich and disciplined minds that cannot afford to close its doors against anyone.” As such, Ogundele maintained that “it is very unfair and petty for anybody or group of persons to insinuate that the party is in somebody’s pocket.” He added: “The State chapter of the party under my Chairmanship has been discharging its duties as the main opposition party in the state independently without any form of influence or interference from any individual or group of people. “As we look up to the next rounds of political activities, I appeal to all well-meaning members of the public to rise in patriotic partnership with our party in the collective desire to rescue our dear Ogun State from the unpardonable maladministration as manifestly exhibited by the ruling APC government.”