A party chieftain and former Chief Judge of Anambra State, Professor Peter Nnanna Umeadi, has announced his intention to contest the office of President of Nigeria on the platform of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) in the incoming 2023 general election in Nigeria. Umeadi in his declaration speech pledged to administer Nigeria with firmness and fairness and reposition the country to the path of progress, harmony and prosperity. He announced this in a worded statement addressed to the National Chairman of APGA, Ozonkpu Victor Oye and issued on Friday. The Anambra chieftain also disclosed that the uppermost priority of his government if he emerges as President will be to initiate genuine reconciliation across the length and breadth of the country. He said, “the governing class, that is men and women who find themselves entrusted with the power to govern should learn to remove their personal interest from the picture. “Governance should be seen for what it is, holding forth for the masses of Nigerian citizens, showing that the natural and human resources of our richly endowed country would be applied to and for the benefit of the greatest number of our citizens. “I say that Nigeria could only be repositioned from within. We all need to roll up our sleeves and go to work in all facets of our national life and we should be able to reposition Nigeria in 4 years from 2023”. Continuing, Umeadi pledged to usher in patriotism, collective reconstruction of the nation’s economy, upliftment of all segments of the society, promoting probity, accountability and dedication in public and private lives. The ex-Anambra Chief Judge also said having served under the government of Former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi as Chief Judge for three years and same position under the incumbent Governor, Willie Obiano for five years, he has the capacity, sense of history, humility and self-effacement to reconcile and weld ethnic groups together. Umeadi further assured that his efforts would be geared towards a Nigeria where justice would reign for all citizens equally, irrespective of tribe or status. “We should arrive for a sound education, affordable health care, food on the table, security of lives and property and peoples ability to achieve their life ambitions in a setting presenting a level playing field and predetermined standards. “Nigeria requires change which only good leadership could provide. We need to change the way we think so we could change the way we do things. If I get the ticket of APGA then we stand a good chance to win the presidential election in 2023”, Umeadi submitted.