Abia stakeholders and elders have called for the shift of the governorship seat to Abia North Senatorial district of state ahead of the 2023 general election. The stakeholders and elders hinged their call on the charter of equity propagated by the founding fathers of Abia State to ensure the gubernatorial seat rotates among the three Senatorial Districts of the state on the basis of justice, equity and fairness. In a communique, the stakeholders and elders said their position that power must shift to Abia North come 2023 was in the interest of justice, equity and fairness and vowed to resist any attempt to change the cause of history. The communique issued to journalists in Umuahia was signed by former Secretary to Abia State Government, Dr. Eme Okoro, on behalf of the Abia North Stakeholders and elders, addressed to the State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Rt. Hon Alwell Asiforo Okere and Abia North zonal vice chairman, Chief Amah Abraham Nnanna. According to Abia stakeholders and elders, “it has become imperative to take an excursion into the historical voyage that brought us to the present peace we enjoy. This excursion would also enable us to navigate the present as well as set the compass to the future to enable us preserve the peace and stability that has naturally become part of us. “At the inset of the Abia charter of equity in 1999, Dr Orji Uzor Kalu from Abia North Senatorial zone emerged as the governor of Abia state. By 2007 when Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu was leaving office after two terms of eight years, he ensured that power shifted to Abia central Senatorial zone. He respected the charter of equity. “As it turned out, Senator Theodore Ahamefule Orji from Abia central senatorial district emerged as governor because former governor Orji Uzor Kalu and other stakeholders rallied in support of that cause in obedience to the worthy charter of equity. “In continuation of that unbroken process, former governor T. A Orji toed the line of his predecessor and ensured that Abia south Senatorial zone produced the present governor, Dr Okezie Victor Ikpeazu after Governor T. A Orji had served two terms of eight years. He respected the charter of equity. “As we approach 2023, the present governor and the last beneficiary of Abia charter of equity has the singular most important duty and responsibility of ensuring that power transits peacefully to Abia North Senatorial zone. This would further strengthen the unity and political stability we have as well as enable the governor to leave his footprints in the sands of time”. Continuing, the Abia stakeholders and elders called on Governor Okezie Ikpeazu to ensure that the peaceful rotation of power he inherited continues seamlessly and uninterrupted, saying that this would enable him write his name in gold and save himself and his generation from the harsh judgment of history.