The Bauchi State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), on Thursday paraded a 35-year-old woman, Zainab Malam Barka, it arrested among other suspects. Parading the woman, said to be a resident of Madara district of Katagum Local Government Area of Bauchi State, the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the command, SC Garkuwa Y. Adamu, informed that the woman was arrested for allegedly stealing goats. Adamu explained that Zainab alongside his accomplice, one Usman Abubakar, a 50-year-old specialised in stealing goats. The command spokesman informed that the corps preliminary investigation showed that the woman stole 22 goats in two batches, adding that she stole eight goats during the first batch on December 23, 2021 and took the animals to Hardawa market where she sold them for N77,000. According to Adamu, one week after, she went back to the same location and stole 14 goats and took them to Misau Market for sale, where she was apprehended by NSCDC personnel attached to Misau Division. He said the suspects would be charged to court immediately after investigation of the matter. In another development, Adamu informed that the command also arrested some suspected political thugs, popularly known as Sara-suka, for alleged involvement in acts of thuggery. The alleged thugs, according to the spokesman, were members of a syndicate terrorising Misau, the headquarters of Misau Local Government Area of the state, adding that those arrested were teenagers. The teenagers arrested and paraded were Auwal Usman, 17 years and Ibrahim Ibrahim, 18, both residents of Misau town. The duo, according to the PRO, was arrested by NSCDC operatives following a distress call received by the divisional officer in Misau on January 5, 2022 at about 2300hours on activities of Sara-Suka gang. Adamu explained that the divisional officer immediately deployed his men to the scene, where the two teenagers were arrested among the gang members. The PRO explained that preliminary investigations revealed that the suspects used machetes and knives to attack four people, adding that their victims were currently receiving treatment at Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Azare. He further disclosed that the suspects specialised in attacking residents with a view to dispossessing them of their belongings. While informing that other gang members are at large, SC Adamu assured that the command was making efforts aimed at ensuring that they were arrested.