Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Plateau State, Hon. Rufus Bature has charged party stakeholders to break the jinx and produce Governor Simon Lalong’s successor come 2023. The chairman also said that the party stakeholders must work hard to avoid a repeat of the jinx where no outgoing government installed its successor. DAILYPOST reports that since the return of democratic structures in 1999, no outgoing governor in Plateau State has installed a successor. Bature gave the charge in Jos while addressing a joint meeting of the 17 local government council chairmen and APC local government chairmen with members of the State Working Committee. He said, “The party must work hard at all levels to install an APC government in 2023, thus breaking the jinx of the outgoing government not installing its successor.” The Chairman advised the local government council chairmen to work closely with party chairmen in the local governments to enable the party to realise its objectives. Bature maintained that as custodians of the party at the grassroots, there was a serious need for them to work closely to enable the party to provide democratic dividends to the people. He added that doing so would enable APC to emerge victorious in subsequent elections, especially the 2023 general elections. The chairman pointed out that the forthcoming bye-elections in the Jos North/Bassa federal constituency and Pankshin South State constituency were a test case for the party. According to him, it would be an indicator of how APC would fare in subsequent elections. He gave assurance that the party would not impose any candidate on the people, but would allow the best candidate to emerge through a transparent process. “Our party believes in dialogue and peaceful resolution of disputes and would soon embark on a tour of the 17 Local Government Areas to address all grey areas. “We will assuage those with grievances arising from the last local government primaries and party congresses,” The acting Chairman, Association of Local Governments Of Nigeria (ALGON), Plateau chapter and Executive Chairman of Wase Local Government Council, Dr Buba Ardo commended the chairman for convening the meeting. Ardo said that the meeting comes barely 13 months to the 2023 general elections, which he said is a must-win for the APC at all levels in the state. The acting ALGON chairman assured the party, on behalf of his colleagues, of their maximum support and cooperation. He stressed the importance of the grassroots approach as a means of strengthening the party machinery. Ardo maintained that to achieve the objective, all elected and government appointees need to go to the grassroots to mobilise support for the party to ensure victory in the forthcoming elections.