The year 2021 was spectacular in the Nigerian entertainment industry, compared to 2020 which was marred by COVID-19 pandemic. The industry witnessed good and ugly moments. One such moment was the marriage crisis between Tuface and Annie Idibia, Tiwa savage sex tape, Davido ‘s 1m challenge, and so on. Another highlight was Obi Cubana’s mother’s burial in Oba, Anambra State, which had everyone in awe as an elaborate show of wealth was recorded. Sadly, the entertainment industry got hit with the news of the death of Sound Sultan, Rachael Oniga, Baba Suwe, Karibi Fubara and others. DAILY POST brings you highlights in no particular order: Shocking Deaths Sound Sultan was confirmed dead on July 11th after battling throat cancer. The news of his death came as a shock to fans and well-meaning Nigerians. Sound Sultan became a household name among Nigerians, with his popular hit song ‘jagbajantis’ released in 2000. The Nollywood industry also lost Veteran actress, Rachael Oniga, Baba Suwe, Karibi Fubara, Ifeanyi dike, Bruno Iwuoha, Sam Obiago Joshua Johnson, Victor Olaotan, Kunle Agboola, Stanley Okoro. The legends will be greatly missed for their roles in movies and the music industry. Tiwa Savage Sex Tape Nigeria sweetheart, Tiwa Savage got immersed in a sex tape scandal that went viral online. The singer was a major topic of discussion in October over the scandal. She had earlier announced that someone was blackmailing her with a sex tape. The person went ahead and released the sex tape, which got tongue wagging. While some celebrities stood behind her, others slammed her for being a bad role model to young girls. Obi Cubana’s mother burial In July, Nigerian billionaire, Obinna Iyaegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, trended after an elaborate show of wealth at his mother’s burial in Oba, Anambra State. Obi Cubana and Oba trended on the internet for at least one week, which led to side talks, questioning his source of wealth and the “competition of money show” on and off social media by his guests as well. In November, months after the display of wealth in Oba, Obi Cubana was arrested by the EFCC. He is being probed for alleged money laundering and tax fraud. Psquare Reunion Peter and Paul Okoye of Psquare split sometime in 2017 following alleged family and personal issues. Since then, they have produced songs individually and continued to avoid each other. However, on November 18, the twins sheath their sword as Peter confirmed their reconciliation, hours to their 40th birthday, as they spent it together partying in their house. This news overjoyed the fans. Interestingly, Psquare pulled a massive crowd in their first performance in Sierra Leone after the reconciliation. Wizkid ‘Essence’ global hit Essence, the fourth song from Wizkid album ‘Made in Lagos’, became a fan favorite and summer hit song for celebrities in America and other parts of the world in 2021. This brought massive international recognition for Wizkid, as celebrities such as Justin Bieber, Rihanna, Kevin Hart, and even footballers vibed to the song. In June 2021, Essence debuted at number 91 on the UK Singles Chart after Ginger peaked at No. 67, making ‘Made in Lagos’ the only Nigerian album to have more than one song debut on the UK Singles Chart. Wizkid‘s fourth studio album “Made In Lagos” topped charts from Billboard to British Vogue’s “Twelve Best Albums of 2020” and The Guardian UK’s Top 50 Albums of 2020, as well as “Ginger” appearing as number 150 on the US Top 200 Apple Music list. Since it debuted in October 2020, Made in Lagos has become a global hit, making waves and gaining recognition worldwide. Wizkid also pulled a massive stunt in London as he sold out all tickets for a three-days concert at the O2 arena in London. Davido’s 1m challenge The OBO crooner took to his Instagram in his normal cruise behavior, asking his friends to donate N1m for him. His target initially was surpassed as he received N200m from friends and colleagues in the industry in hours. For days, Davido was the talk of the internet, as even CNN interviewed him for receiving such an amount of money. Davido, in his philanthropic behavior, added N50m, making it 250m. He announced that the money will be donated to orphanages in Nigeria. According to him, he decided to donate the money because some people need it more than him. Tuface and Annie Idibia marriage crisis Fans of legendary singer, Tuface Idibia were utterly shocked on September 3rd as Annie Idibia called out her husband on social media for sleeping at his ex-lover, Pero’s house, thereby disrespecting her and their marriage. This escalated quickly as Tuface’s brother, Charles accused Annie of assaulting the music legend and preventing his family from visiting their home. This led to a back and forth between Annie and 2face’s brother, Charles. The development was criticized by fans and celebrities who looked up to the Idibia’s and felt such family drama should be private. In the midst of this, there were rumors that 2baba’s ex-lover, Pero was allegedly pregnant. However his management debunked the rumor. Tuface, finally reacting to the brouhaha online, admitted that he makes mistakes and is not perfect. That came shortly after he escaped to America. Tonto Dikeh, Bobrisky, Kpokpogri Saga The Controversial actress found love again in 2021 after her marriage to Olakunle Churchill crashed. However, her newfound love with her ex-lover, Prince Kpokpogri turned sour as a voice note leaked online. Tonto Dikeh accused Kpokpogri of cheating, having sexual tapes he uses to blackmail ladies. The mother of one didn’t spare no one as she dragged popular dancer, Jane Mena into the mess, alleging that Kpokpogri had sex tapes of the dancer. Kpokpogri, responding, disclosed that he broke up with the mother of one because of her drug habits, insisting that she should undergo a drug test by the NDLEA. Bobrisky, who already had a beef with his ‘Bestie’ Tonto Dikeh, seized the opportunity to call out the actress. Also in November, Bobrisky and Tonto Dikeh went online throwing dirty linen as they abused each other. This got messy as unnecessary information was leaked online. Mompha was not spared as Bobrisky dragged him into his fight with Tonto. Mompha, thereafter, took to his Instagram warning the crossdresser never to associate him in his drama. He threatened to sue Bobrisky for defamation of character. BBNaija Season 6 Big Brother Naija, BBnaija season 6, after it aired on July 24th, took over the entertainment industry as 26 housemates were ushered into the ‘Shine Ya Eye’ season. The season witnessed twists, drama, love, sexual activities, and betrayals. As part of their strategy to stay longer in the house, Two season 6 housemates: Boma and Tega engaged in sexual activities, which raised eyebrows as fans and housemates blamed Tega, who is married with a child for engaging in such an immoral act. Whitemoney and Pere did not get along in the house as Pere, known as ‘the General’ accused the former of being strategic with his cooking in the house. Another love story was recorded in the house as Saga could not take his eyes off Nini who made it known countless times that she had a boyfriend outside the house. Despite the twists and turns, Whitemoney emerged as the winner. He defeated Cross, Pere, Angel, Liquorose and Emmanuel to covet the grand prize of N30m in the ‘Shine Ya Eye’ edition of the reality show. Gulder Ultimate Search Return Gulder Ultimate Search returned to the television screen after seven years on October 16th with Toke Makinwa as the anchor of the twelfth season. Although the return did not get much traction like in previous seasons, the organizers were commended for listening to Nigerians and returning the show. This season tagged the ‘Age of Craftmanshioship’ had 16 contestants compete against themselves and nature in quest of a secret treasure that would immediately offer fame and wealth to the last person standing. In the final episode, Odudu Otu emerged the winner on December 19th after he found the chest which contains the secret of the proverbial Akolo’s secret brew. Odudu defeated three strong contenders as he went home with N50 million worth of prizes, including an SUV, as well as a return ticket to Dubai. Baba Ijesha rape case Baba Ijesha got arrested in April 2021 for alleged sexual assault involving foster child of Comedian, Damilola Adekoya, aka Princess. The veteran actor was caught in a CCTV footage sexually assaulting the minor, which led to his arrest. The matter, still being decided in court, shook the movie industry and even caused a rift between Nkechi Blessing, Iyabo Ojo and Yomi Fabiyi. However, Baba Ijesha pleaded not guilty to a six-count charge, which include sexual assault by penetration and indecent treatment of a child. Others are the indecent treatment of a child and attempted sexual assault by penetration. The fate of Baba Ijesha is still undecided with the case is still in court.