The immediate past Caretaker Committee Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Enugu State, Dr. Ben Nwoye has absolved the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, of any involvement in the murder of two chieftains of the party in the State. DAILY POST had reported that two chieftains of the APC in Enugu South Local Government Area were murdered by unknown gunmen during a reconciliation meeting at Obeagu. Some members of the party blamed the incident on suspected members of the IPOB who were enforcing the Tuesday sit-at-home ordered by the pro-Biafra group. Those murdered include the Assistant State Youth Leader, Comrade Kelvin Ezeoha, and another chieftain of the party, Chidera Ogaba. The gunmen abducted Mr. Mike Ogbonna, who is the party’s factional local government chairman. However, speaking during a press conference in Enugu, Nwoye declared that the killings were politically motivated. Nwoye, who could not hold back his emotion, said “I am saddened, and really deeply devastated.” The former chairman said he was saddened that the deceased APC chieftains were in the meeting to make peace as directed by the national leadership of the Party when they were killed. He disclosed that the Senator Abdulahi Adamu-led national reconciliation committee of the Party had directed the warring APC leaders in Enugu State to go home and make peace, adding that the meeting which claimed the lives of two Party members was convened in the spirit of the reconciliation. “It was in the spirit of reconciliation and attempt to enthrone peace in Enugu APC that these young men and believers of true democracy lost their lives, paid the supreme price. “Like I said, I am deeply saddened because what happened on Tuesday would not have happened if we had not agreed to sit down and discuss in order to make peace,” he said. He insisted that as far as he was concerned, the attack was purely politically motivated, stressing that the meeting took place after the people had observed the sit-at-home directive of the Indigenous People of Biafra. “People say it was as a result of sit- at home, but I have a different view on that because I passed through the meeting location at about 6 O’clock that evening, and shops were open, the Eke Otu Market was on, vehicles were moving. “Besides, the late Kelvin is not from Obeagu ward 3, but as I was told, he was pressured to attend the meeting to show support. “He arrived when the meeting had almost ended, and immediately he entered the venue, the gunmen surfaced and shot him dead at close range, while the other person died on the way to the hospital,” he lamented. While blaming the incident on the last congress of the APC in the State, he urged security agencies not to be deceived by those blaming the incident on the IPOB. The former APC chairman maintained that the assailants targeted their victims, especially late Ezeoha, who died instantly. Meanwhile, Nwoye has backed Katsina State Governor on his stand that the citizens should bear arms. “I am totally aligning myself with Governor Masari of Katsina State who is calling for legalization of arms bearing in the country. Since the government has failed us, the citizens should be allowed to defend themselves,” he noted.