The Cross River State Commissioner of Police, Aminu Alhassan, has warned that he will arrest teenagers on motorcycles who reportedly storm Atimbo, a suburb of Calabar, from nearby Akpabuyo Local Government Area of the state every evening, wreaking havoc. Alhassan was a guest of Sparkling FM on a morning show, We Talk Nigeria. Many callers had drawn the attention of the commissioner to the activities of the teenagers. They reported that the teenagers would arrive Atimbo community on motorcycles from 7 pm, sometimes with arms and would unleash mayhem on the neighbourhood. He commended the callers for the information and assured them that he will step into the reported case promptly with a view to arresting the situation. “They should know that riding commercial motorcycles in Calabar especially in the late evening is unlawful. “I will direct my men to step in. First, I give them one week to desist from the crime they are perpetuating. During this one week, those that patronise them are to equally desist otherwise sweeping arrest will be done soon,” he said. “We are also going to impound such motorbikes. I discourage people from riding on motorcycles whether commercial or not especially in the evening.” The commissioner also cautioned retired policemen reported to be blocking efforts to establish vigilantes in local communities as a way of helping to curb crimes. He encouraged local communities facing such challenges to visit him and disclose the identities of such retired personnel. He used the opportunity to disclose that in his five months in office, his command has been able to stem the tide of kidnappings in parts of the state. “Our spontaneous efforts in conjunction with sister security agencies have tremendously reduced kidnapping to the barest minimum. “People are no longer afraid of kidnappings. I am aware that the stream of visitors into the state, especially Calabar, as a result of the prevalence of peace, has increased”, he said. Alhassan, however, encouraged residents to frequently volunteer information to the police, and also report his supposed wrongdoings or those of his personnel to appropriate quarters. He assured that the force has organs now which promptly deal with such, including possible dismissal.