Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. At least 18 people, including women, have been abducted and one person killed at Angwar Zalla Udawa in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The gunmen reportedly stormed the village along Kaduna-Birnin Gwari highway around 12:30am on Sunday. 2. The Adamawa State Police Command has arrested a 57-year-old man for allegedly stabbing his 40-year-old wife to death. The police command said in a statement yesterday that it arrested the man, a commercial driver, on New Year day. 3. The Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kaduna State chapter, Rev. John Hayab has disclosed that two of the kidnapped students of Bethel Baptist School in Kaduna have been released by the bandits. He said that 120 of the 121 abducted students of the school had been released so far, while one remains with the kidnappers. 4. Following the death of the Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji on Sunday, leadership of markets across the State, have directed all markets and shops to remain shut on Monday. The directive was issued by the Babaloja-General of Oyo State, Asiwaju Yekini Abass, popularly called “YK Abass after an emergency meeting of the market leaders council. 5. Indication emerged Sunday that the presidency has put in place a policy that Governors, VIPs and other visitors to the Presidential Villa, Abuja, will be required to take a rapid COVID-19 test before they would be allowed into the seat of power, either to visit the President or any other official. 6. Two fleeing suspects: Farouk Mohammed(15) and Jamiu Kasali, who murdered Pastor Babatunde Dada (46) of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG on 6th Avenue, Festac Town, Lagos, on December 2 ,2021, have been arrested by the Police. 7. The former military administrator of Osun State, Colonel Anthony Uzoma Obi (rtd) is dead. Obi, who served as the military governor of Osun State between August 1996 and August 1998, died on Saturday, January 1, as announced by his family. 8. Anambra State Governor-elect, Prof Chukwuma Soludo has led critical stakeholders of the Old Aguata Union (OAU), comprising his kinsmen and others to thank outgoing Governor, Willie Obiano for facilitating his election last November. 9. Members of the National Assembly have insisted on the amendments made to the 2022 Appropriation Bill, including the reduction of allocation to 10,733 projects and insertion of 6,576 new ones. The lawmakers stated that the parliament has the right to tinker with the Federal Government’s budget like any other bill. 10. Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, the umbrella body of Yoruba Self-Determination Groups, has faulted Pelumi Olajengbesi for tendering his resignation on social media. Olajengbesi is the lawyer defending the aides of Chief Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho against the Department of State Services at an Abuja High Court.