Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. After about seven months, the Federal Government has lifted the suspension of Twitter operations in Nigeria. The decision was announced by the Chairman, Technical Committee, Nigeria-Twitter Engagement and Director-General, National Information Technology Development Agency, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi. 2. There was panic in Obiohuru community, Isiala Mbano Local Government Area of Imo State, yesterday, when gunmen intercepted a Lagos-bound vehicle and abducted all the passengers. The 14-seater bus was said to have left Uyo, Akwa Ibom State capital, earlier in the day en route to Lagos, before it was intercepted. 3. Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State, yesterday, cried out that part of the reason for the persistence of banditry is the non-punishment of the apprehended criminals, saying many times bandits are released without being charged. 4. The Force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba, yesterday, said the Nigeria Police extended the online registration in the ongoing 2021 police constable recruitment to Saturday, January 22, 2022, to allow Southerners apply. He stated this in a statement on Wednesday. 5. The Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Nwoba Chika, on Wednesday, slumped in court, after four days in police detention. Nwoba was brought to the Magistrate Court two sitting in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi State, to be arraigned for alleged 15 count-charge bordering on fake news and others by a team of police officers. 6. Fresh attacks at Ancha village, Bassa local government area of Plateau State have claimed yet to be ascertained number of lives. Property of the villagers were also razed in the incident which occurred on Tuesday night. 7. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has said Nigerians will remember the Ninth Assembly under his leadership for its outstanding legislative achievements after the end of its lifespan in June 2023. Lawan made this known on Wednesday when the Senate Press Corps paid a visit to felicitate with him on the occasion of his 63rd birthday in Abuja. 8. The Nigerian Air Force has said its Special Forces, on Thursday, rescued 26 kidnapped travellers along Birnin Gwari-Kaduna Road. The Air Force said its personnel while on a patrol met five abandoned vehicles near Anguwar Yako. 9. Suspected gunmen on Wednesday morning abducted the mother of the Minority Leader of Kano State House of Assembly, Isiyaku Ali Danja. Sources said the suspected gunmen, numbering about 10, invaded Gezawa, headquarters of Gezawa Local Government Area of Kano State in four vehicles. 10. A socio-political group, Pan-Nigeria Presidency of Igbo Extraction Coalition (PANPIEC), has attributed political injustice as part of the rationale behind the myriads of challenges bedeviling the country. In a release by its Executive Secretary, Mazi Chuks Ibegbu, the group said Nigeria can end its own version of political injustice by electing an Igbo as president.