Civil Society Organizations under the auspices of Coalition of Civil Society Groups, CCGS, have resolved to support the southern presidency in the 2023 general elections. The President, Coalition of Civil Society Groups, (CCGS), Basset Etuk Williams and Abubakar Ibrahim, Secretary-General of the group in a statement observed that since the return of democracy in 1999, there has been an unwritten convention in the country for power rotation between the North and South. It appealed to the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and other political parties to be interested in the unity, equity and equality and to zone their presidential tickets to the Southern part of the country in 2023 general elections. According to the group, the north having held sway since 2015, would have the moral and political right to zone presidency to the South. It noted that this is lawful and can guarantee peace and unity of the country, saying that there won’t be either APC or PDP if there is no country called Nigeria. According to the statement, “We have watched with keen interest various agitations across the zones of our federating units, and we come up with an agenda of championing and clamouring for powershift to the South come 2023.” The Coalition said there is no doubt that the North has had its fair share of the country’s leadership, pointing out that it is time to zone the Presidency to the Southern part of Nigeria which in our own opinion deserves it. It explained that it baffles the coalition that as the debate intensifies, most of those involved don’t know what is generally at stake especially as it relates to the unity of the country. The statement said it has witnessed sharp division along religious lines ahead of the 2023 general election, stressing that the current security situation and supremacy of a region is also affecting and shaking the unity bedrock of the nation. It added that the political gladiators across the divide have taken up arms and fought via exchange of words on power rotation, adding that some want it to remain in the North, while others want it back to the South for equality sake. The group expressed dismay over the rising agitations on the rotation of the presidency, and according to it, the presidential election in Nigeria is highly influential and powerful as it confers the greatest sense of belonging to the federation on any ethnic or geopolitical zone that produces the President.