The former governor of lmo State and Senator Representing Imo West senatorial District, Rochas Okorocha has said Gov Hope Uzodinma does not have what it takes to govern a people in a democracy. He said the government in Imo is a counterfeit of what a state government should be. Okorocha made the assertion on Friday in a press release signed by his Special Adviser Media, Sam Onwuemeodo and made available to newsmen in Owerri. He said” Imo State and her people have not known peace since Chief Uzodinma became governor. They have only been hearing stories of killings, arson, kidnapping, invasion, rituals. What they never witnessed when the righteous ones were in power or on the throne. “Governor Uzodinma and his government have become itching experiences Imo people won’t forget in a hurry. The government has made Imo people see their ears with their eyes. And the daily prayer on the lips of every sincere Imo man or woman has been, “may this nauseating cup run over “During my governorship for 8 years, militancy was a big issue in the oil-producing areas of Ohaji, Egbema and Oguta. I didn’t begin to supervise the killings. As a leader of his people, I employed and deployed diplomacy and got that problem solved. “But under Governor Uzodinma, the killing of Imo people seems to have become the rule, instead of the exception. And the government is not regretting the killings, but only labouring to justify them. “Under my administration, the opposition was encouraged to function unhindered. Every part of the state was alive and bubbling. Today, no part of the state is functioning. They are after the opposition. And they are not humble about their cluelessness and ineptitude.” Reacting to news of the 11-year-old boy, Somtochukwu who lost his life during the relocation of EkeUkwu market, Okorocha said trying to justify the mindless and gruesome murder of innocent youths, men, women, and traditional rulers under his governorship portrays him as one who came to destroy and not to build. Recall that Gov Uzodinma had through his Information Commissioner, Mbadiwe Emelumba said, Okorocha ordered the killing of the 11-year old boy during the relocation of the Ekeukwu market in Owerri. Okorocha said they failed to tell their audience what was the co-relation between the relocation of the Ekeukwu market and the death of the young lad. He said trying to use intimidation and deceit to explain away the traumatic experience his government has brought to Imo people, will not work.