Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Abdulmalik Tanko, the proprietor of Noble Kids Nursery and Primary School, Kawana, Kano, has been arrested over the death of Hanfia Abubakar, a five-year-old pupil of his school. He allegedly kidnapped the child for ransom but later killed and buried her. 2. The Super Eagles of Nigeria will square off with Tunisia in the round of 16 stage of the African Cup of Nations. This is as the North African nation finished as one of the four best losers at the group stage. The game is scheduled to kick off at 8 pm on Saturday. 3. Boko Haram fighters attacked a village in Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State on Thursday night. A local guard in the area confirmed this, saying many civilians have fled their homes. He was unavailable to state the level of casualties as at press time 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has assured Nigerians that his administration was determined to hand over a better Nigeria than the one they inherited and urged people to be fair in their assessment of what his government has achieved so far. He asked Nigerians to assess him on the campaign promises he made ahead of the 2015 elections. 5. One Adeyemo Mufutau, 26, on Thursday, said he pretended as a herbalist to dupe his victims. Speaking after he was paraded by the Osun State Command, Nigeria Security Defence Corps, NSCDC, at their headquarters in Osogbo, Mufutau said he always pretended to have a spiritual solution to his victim’s problems. 6. Osun Command of the Nigeria Security Defence Corps, NSCDC, has confirmed the arrest of a woman, Zainab Azeez for allegedly pouring hot water on her 11 years old daughter. It was gathered that the woman had the girl, name withheld, in her first marriage in Lagos State before she remarried and relocated to Osogbo with the girl. 7. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, Thursday, said Nigerians are feeling very sorry for electing President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress, APC, in 2015 considering the level of insecurity and biting economic hardship in the country. 8. The National Economic Council has said it will take a decision on petroleum subsidy removal in June when the six-month period for subsidy payment in the 2022 budget elapses. NEC, comprising Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo and State governors, among others, stated this at its first meeting for the year at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Thursday. 9. Billionaire businessman, Femi Otedola has promised the Super Eagles the equivalent of $250,000 (N102,895,000) if they win the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon. The Eagles will also receive N49,389,600 ($120,000) for the six goals they scored in the group stage of the ongoing continental showpiece, thanks to the Coalition Against COVID-19. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has revealed that there was an attempt to bomb him in Kaduna State. The President, who is currently in Kaduna to commission some projects, recalled how he narrowly escaped being bombed near the Kawo Bridge.