Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has fixed February 26, 2022, for its convention. Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State and Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party, announced this at the APC Progressive Women Conference in Abuja, on Tuesday. 2. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has secured nine judgments against a former Adamawa State Governor, Vice Admiral Muritala Nyako rtd., his son, Senator Abdulaziz Nyako and 7 of his business partners in just one day. The anti-graft agency on Tuesday evening in Abuja, secured the judgments against the former governor in the N29bn fraud charges brought against them since 2015. 3. Former Governor of Niger State, Babangida Aliyu, has said that the All Progressives Congress, APC, will give its presidential ticket for the 2023 general elections to the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo. He spoke on Tuesday at the ongoing 2022 annual lecture of the Sir Ahmadu Bello Memorial Foundation in Kano. 4. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said the passage and assent to the Electoral Act Amendment Bill will determine its preparation for the 2023 general elections. INEC Chairman Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, who stated this on Tuesday in Abuja at the first quarterly meeting with political parties for 2022, said the commission was looking forward to a speedy passage of the bill. 5. Senate President, Ahmed Lawan has said President Muhammadu Buhari did not direct anyone in his administration to implement the removal of petroleum subsidy. Speaking with reporters after a meeting with the President at the Aso Villa, on Tuesday, Lawan said he told Buhari about the feelings and concerns of his constituents on critical issues, including the proposed removal of subsidy. 6. Ghana failed to make it past the group stage of the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations after suffering a 2-3 defeat to Comoros on Tuesday. The Black Stars needed an outright win and hoped for a favorable result in the other game between Morocco and Gabon. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja, Wednesday (today), for Banjul, Republic of The Gambia, to attend the inauguration of Gambian President, Adama Barrow, following his re-election for a second term. 8. One middle-aged man, Olakunle Obaoye, 25 has committed suicide over some huge debts he couldn’t pay. The deceased was found dead on Monday inside a bush at Erinmope village near Ayedun in Oke Ero local government area of Kwara State. 9. Speaker, House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, yesterday, said the House would reintroduce the Electoral Act Amendment Bill today and address all the concerns raised about it, pass and send it back to President Muhammadu Buhari for his assent. 10. Commercial and social activities were crippled across the five states of the South East, yesterday, following a directive by the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) asking residents to remain indoors in solidarity with the leader of the group, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, whose treasonable trial resumed in an Abuja court on Tuesday.