Following the assassination of a traditional ruler, Olu of Agodo, the Peoples Democratic Party in Ogun State has described the Governor Dapo Abiodun-led government as a failure. DAILY POST reported on Monday that Oba Ayinde Odetola, the Olu of Agodo in Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun, was killed and burnt in his car by some yet-to-be-identified assailants. Following his murder, Gov Abiodun had in a statement on Tuesday vowed that the perpetrators of the act would be brought to book in no time. However, in a statement on Thursday, the PDP Chairman in the state, Sikirulai Ogundele condemned the incident, faulting the security architecture of Ogun State for the increasing crime rates. He described Oba Odetola’s assassination as “another lapse in the current administration.” He expressed worry over the fear among ordinary Ogun residents who would find it difficult to sleep with their two eyes closed if an Oba could be murdered in broad daylight. He queried the essence of governance if lives and properties were not safe under the watch of Gov Abiodun, adding that security has gone beyond the launching of OP-MESA with patrol vehicles. Ogundele said: “The present government keeps telling Ogun State people that security is better, but how can they sleep with two eyes closed when a sitting king was killed in his community in broad daylight? “These are lapses that make Dapo Abiodun’s administration a total failure. If lives and properties are not secured, who then are you governing? “We saw the recently launched OP-MESA, rejigging a state security architecture is more than launching patrol vehicles.” On behalf of the entire members of the PDP, Ogundele sympathised with the chiefs and people of Agodo community in Ewekoro while still alleging that the government failed them.” He called on the youths and residents of the State to get their voter cards, saying the high level of insecurity must not be allowed to continue. “I encourage every youth and resident in Ogun State to get their Permanent Voter Card (PVC) because we must not allow this high level of insecurity and insensitivity towards the plight of the people to continue,” he stressed.