The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA has asked the people of Plateau State to hold their governor, Mr. Simon Lalong responsible for the deteriorating security crisis in the state. In a statement on Monday, the rights group explained that the governor must be held responsible following the alleged inability of his administration to work with the State House of Assembly under the “past leadership to stamp out the earliest manifestations of armed Fulani insurgency targeting Christians”. HURIWA spoke against the backdrops of incessant attacks by suspected armed herdsmen including the mass killings of Irigwe Christians and the high profile kidnappings of influential traditional rulers in the state. The rights group faulted President Muhammadu Buhari for reportedly endorsing a “peace treaty between aggressors from the Fulani ethnicity and Christians of Plateau State” stressing that “appeasement of mass killers is the reason for the widespread state of insecurity in Nigeria”. HURIWA said the government of Plateau State must put up workable security architecture to frustrate the attempts by Fulani terrorists to move their operational base from Kaduna forests to neighbouring Plateau State. It can be recalled that on December 26, 2021, Mr Gut, who is the Da Gwom Rwei of Vwang, was reportedly accosted by armed men while returning home in Vom, a few metres to the entrance of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS). He was subsequently taken away to an unknown destination and no one has caught wind of who the attackers were and if they would be making demands as has become in practice in recent times. Similarly, armed men in the early hours of Sunday, abducted a traditional ruler at Gindiri, Mangu local government area of the state as confirmed by security sources. The traditional ruler, HRH Charles Dakat is the Paramount Ruler of Gindiri, in Mangu Local Government area and was said to have been abducted as heavy gunshots were heard in his palace in Gindiri between 1 am and 2 am on Sunday morning.