The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has said Biafra is optional for non-Igbo ethnic nationalities in the old Eastern region. IPOB said it would not coerce other ethnic nationalities to be a part of Biafra. Emma Powerful, spokesman of IPOB, however, said they must conduct a referendum. Powerful explained that referendum would allow the people to decide their fate on Biafra agitation. In a statement he signed, Powerful said: “Any tribe or ethnicity who doesn’t want to be part of Biafra will never be forced to do so. Such tribes are free to go on their own but you must conduct referendum for your people to decide their fate on the agitation for Biafra.” He recalled that Igbos never fought other ethnic nationalities in the old Eastern region in the past because they believe in unity. Powerful urged other tribes to fight for their freedom because they won’t be forced to join Biafra. He added that tribes like Ijaw and others from the Mid-Western region would still be seen as “Igbo brothers and sisters.” “We can attest that Igbo people never fought against any tribe in olden days because Igbo believe in (Onyeaghala Nwanne ya and, Ibiri Kamu biri) (live and let live). “Igbo are not going to force anybody or tribe to join the fight for Biafra freedom. Let every tribe try what they can to wake up for their freedom because freedom is good and remains the best for all of us,” he added. IPOB led by Nnamdi Kanu has been in the forefront agitating for the actualization of Biafra. Their agitation had led to the arrest and prosecution of Kanu by the Nigerian Government. Kanu is facing charges bordering on terrorism and treason before Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court. Last week, the IPOB leader had pleaded not guilty to all charges leveled against him. Similarly, Kanu had floored the Nigerian Government at the Abia State High Court. He instituted a suit against the Federal Government for violating his fundamental human rights, amongst others. In a ruling, the court had ordered the Nigerian government to pay Kanu a one billion naira compensation.