Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The building housing Salvation Ministry, Okpanam, Oshimili North Local Government Area, Delta State collapsed yesterday, trapping an unspecified number of worshippers, with over 10 deaths recorded. The building, which is being used for the first time, reportedly collapsed at about 5:55pm during Tuesday evening service. 2. Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi, has disclosed that he has formally informed President Muhammadu Buhari of his intention to run for All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket for the 2023 presidential election. He made the intention known while fielding questions from State House correspondents after meeting with Buhari. 3. The Nigerian Army (NA) has appointed dozens of generals to new positions in the Headquarters and across the country. The designations came one week after the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) reshuffled its generals, an indication that the military is starting 2022 with reorganization. 4. Yoruba Ronu Leadership Forum, a socio-political group in the South-west region, has insisted that 2023 is the turn of the Igbo of the South-east to produce the next President of Nigeria. In a statement signed by its President, Mr. Akin Malaolu, the forum said they will not be tricked into supporting any other presidential aspiration other than the one from the South-east region. 5. Following the death of a former Head of the Interim Government, Chief Ernest Adegunle Oladeinde Shonekan, President Muhammadu Buhari has directed that the national flag be flown at half-mast. The President gave the order in a statement on Tuesday night by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha. 6. The Super Eagles of Nigeria scored a first-half goal to defeat Egypt 1-0 in their opening African Cup of Nations (AFCON) match at the Roumdé Adjia stadium in Garoua, Cameroon, on Tuesday. Kelechi Iheanacho’s well taken goal proved the matchwinner as Nigeria recorded its first win over Egypt in the third opening day AFCON meeting between both nations. 7. Mr Ojonimi Ossai, an official of Shell Petroleum Development Company, has been killed by his abductors. Ossai was killed despite a N5million ransom raised by his family. 8. Following the attack on Molege community in Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State by suspected Fulani herdsmen, the State Security Network, known as Amotekun Corps has launched a manhunt for the perpetrators. It was gathered that operatives of the corps had been deployed to comb the forest extensively in order to apprehend them. 9. Traditionalists in Ogun State have vowed to challenge the controversial chiefs law in court, saying Obas must be buried by traditional worshippers. Governor Dapo Abiodun had on Monday signed the ‘Obas, Chiefs, Council of Obas and Traditional Council law of Ogun State, Bill 2021’ into law, prohibiting rituals during the installation and burial of a monarch. 10. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has urged governors in the South-East and citizens to apprehend and deal decisively with criminals enforcing sit-at-home in the region by prosecuting them. This is as the group alleged that the senseless shooting witnessed in Enugu and Anambra States, on Monday, was carried out by miscreants recruited by politicians, whose stocks in trade was the spilling of innocent blood.