The Ekiti State chapter of the Grassroots Movement for Change (GMC), has cautioned Governor Kayode Fayemi against using state apparatus to favour his “choice candidate”. The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary will be held on Thursday ahead of the June 18 election. A statement on Monday by the GMC, noted that any attempt to subvert the wish of the people will be resisted. The Secretary, Ademola Ogunrombi, said Fayemi has enjoyed a relatively peaceful tenure and should not be involved in any act that might cause violence in the state. The scribe demanded that the people be allowed to vote their choice candidate without any fear of manipulation. “This election seeks to present a fresh candidate for the first time in a long time in our electoral history. “For those who seek to enslave us by collecting money to mortgage our future, be warned that Ekiti is not like every other state.” The group urged stakeholders to rise and ensure that the state does not drift into anarchy “due to the selfish interest of a microscopic few”. The statement advised the APC national caretaker committee under the leadership of Governor Mai Buni to be fair and transparent during the primary. Earlier, Presidential Adviser on Political Matters, Femi Ojudu, advised the party to ensure a credible exercise in order to produce a formidable flagbearer. Ojudu said he decided not to endorse any aspirant because he wants to be an unbiased umpire and a rallying point to settle differences that would emerge after the primary. Meanwhile, a House of Representatives member and aspirant, Femi Bamisile, has warned that the APC will collapse if the party picks its candidate outside Ekiti South Senatorial District. Bamisile commended the adoption of direct primary, saying it would remove the financial burden on contestants and tame manipulation of process. The lawmaker stressed that the people of the South can no longer tolerate the “conspiracy” that has ostracised them from the political equation since 1999.