109 more Glo subscribers on Thursday in Abuja received the different items they won in the Joy Unlimited Extravaganza promotion. They included a brand new Kia Rio winner, 32 winners of refrigerators, 38 winners of television sets and 38 power generator winners. Globacom’s State Activation Manager, Ibrahim Katsina, said that with the Abuja presentation event now done, the promotion would be rounded off with the final prize-presentation ceremony to be held in Victoria Island, Lagos, next Thursday, January 27. A real estate executive, 52-year-old Patrick Obekpa, who won the Kia Rio car in Abuja, is the 14th car winner in Joy Unlimited Extravaganza promo. One more car winner will emerge at the Lagos event to conclude the 15 cars Globacom promised to give out at the launch of the reward scheme last October. Thousands of Glo subscribers have also won home appliances, such as television sets, refrigerators and power generators, just as over 5,000 others win data plans and other Glo freebies in the promo daily, Katsina explained. An overjoyed Obekpa told the audience after he received the keys to his car, “I was on my way to the office when I got the call that I had won the car. Everything since that point has been like a dream. I have for a few months been saving up to replace my old car which was involved in an accident. That is why this gesture from Glo is stunning. I am forever bonded for life with the Glo brand from today.” Mariam Buda, a Business Administration undergraduate student of Taraba State University, who won a refrigerator said, “I was surprised as I was in Taraba State when I got the call. I feel great and want to say a big thank you to Glo for making me feel special today.”, while a television set winner, Joseph Negedu declared: “Wow! Just like that, I have a brand new television and it’s all thanks to Glo. It is truly wonderful and I’m so glad I belong to a network that cares about its subscribers.”  Globacom’s State Activation Manager, Ibrahim Katsina, who spoke on behalf of the company at the event remarked, “We launched this promo in furtherance of our commitment to give more value to our subscribers as they use their Glo lines. It has been an honour to have fulfilled the promises we made to our subscribers”. The Assistant Director of the National Lottery Regulatory Commission, Mr. Martins Oteh, praised Globacom’s fidelity to its subscribers. He said: “Throughout this consumer promotion, Globacom has time and time again fulfilled all its promises to consumers for their participation in the promo. They have created a win-win situation for both them and their subscribers”. The event was equally graced by the Assistant Director, Nigeria Communication Commission, Mr Moses Iyi; representative of the President, National Industrial Court, Honourable E.N. Agbakoba; Managing Director of Living Heroes, Princess Jubilee; Managing Director of Kaima Communications, Mr. Ikechukwu Anaele; Managing Director of Gulu Sanjiwos Nigeria Limited, Iris Umar Sanda, while top Nigerian entertainers, Godwin Komone (Godons) and Rachael Okonkwo, aka Nkoli, added pep to the event. The 15th car winner and winners of other items are billed to be announced at a similar event in Lagos on the 27th of January at Gloworld, Adeola Odeku, Victoria Island.