The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election was held in Ekiti State on Thursday, 27, 2022 in all the 177 wards of the state. A former Secretary to the State Government, Biodun Abayomi Oyebanji was declared winner of the shadow election by a 7-man electoral committee chaired by the Jigawa State Governor, Abubakar Badaru. Seven other governorship aspirants had contested the election alongside Oyebanji, they include the Senator representing Ekiti Central, Opeyemi Bamidele, Senator Dayo Adeyeye, a member of the House of Representatives, Femi Bamisile, Public Utilities Commissioner in the state, Bamidele Faparusi, Kayode Ojo, Ademola Popoola and Abiodun Afolabi. Prior to the election that produced Oyebanji as the APC candidate, there were agitations by various party leaders and aspirants, especially when rumours broke that Oyebanji was the anointed candidate of Governor Kayode Fayemi and that he was sponsored by the state government. Following the rumours, Senator Bamidele and Dayo Adeyeye had urged the party leaders to adopt direct primaries and be fair to all by avoiding the imposition of any candidate. They had urged all political parties to ensure that their candidates come from the southern senatorial district of the state in the spirit of equity, fairness and justice. The contestants had premised their agitation on the fact that the zone was yet to produce a governor since 1999, saying both the central and northern zones have had it twice each. Bamidele had at a political gathering in Ado Ekiti said, “I am well prepared for any mode of primaries that would be adopted by APC, but direct primary is more appropriate, being ideologically believed to be the best in participatory democracy as it holds the view that sovereignty lies with the people. “We will run a campaign that is issue-based and violence-free. I am assuring you that there won’t be any aspirants that would be imposed on the party in the primary election so that we can all work together. Adeyeye on his part, during his declaration to vie for the plum seat, had said, “You can see for yourselves that people are with us. In 2018, we told some arrogant people that they won’t have their way through imposition and it happened. It is obvious that only a popular candidate can win for the APC in this election. “The national leaders of our great party must return this party to the people. Let the national leaders adopt direct primary to elect the candidate for the Ekiti poll if truly we want to get a popular candidate. Let us return power to the people. With popular participation, people themselves would decide the candidate in the interest of justice, equity and fair play. All the aspirants must go for direct primary. “I still believe that if the process is credible and a popular candidate is elected, we will all support the person. What is difficult in conducting direct primaries if truly you are open and popular? The party must go on the side of the people”. Bamisile had while declaring his intention to contest the election said, “I listened to Governor Fayemi about one and half weeks ago he said that all the eight of us contesting for governorship are capable to govern Ekiti. We are not asking anybody to impose anyone, but you must be fair to the South, what is fair is fair. I believe in fairness. “I represent a people, who are in a desperate search for equity and justice in the politics of Ekiti, It is time to support the agitation of the South Senatorial zone of our dear state that has not produced the governor since the inception of democracy in 1999 so that we can continue to stand together as one”. Faparusi had told a gathering of APC executives recently in Gbonyin local government area that the South was being hugely marginalised and cheated. He claimed that there was a gentleman’s agreement that the APC governorship ticket be ceded to the zone after Fayemi won the party primary in 2018. “The South even voted against their own son, Prof. Kolapo Olusola, who was the PDP candidate in 2018, because of Governor Fayemi. We told our people that after four years, it will be our turn to produce the governor. At a stakeholders’ meeting held in Ado Ekiti a day before the election, Badaru had assured the electorates that no aspirant would be cheated in the party’s primaries. Badaru had revealed that the Committee was instructed to adopt the option A4 mode of direct primaries in conformity with the party’s guidelines to conduct the poll. He had promised to organise a primary election that would be acceptable to all aspirants, insisting nothing would stop his resolve. “The party has a guideline in the conduct of direct primary, which is the accreditation of the party members after getting their voter cards and party membership slips carrying their photographs and their names. “I have my integrity to protect just like every other member of this committee. Nobody will be cheated. I have the assurance that we will end this primary with all aspirants commending us for doing a good job. We shall all laugh together after the process” Badaru had said. He had subsequently;y directed each aspirant to nominate 20 persons to work with the committee in the collation and transmission of results, saying he adopted the modality to make the process more credible and acceptable. But despite the show of transparency, a few hours to the commencement of that primary election on Thursday, the 27th, seven out of the eight aspirants called for the suspension of the shadow poll The seven aspirants and supporters stormed the party’s Secretariat located at Ajilosun Area of the Ado-Ekiti, in the state capital to protest alleged irregularities. The aspirants alleged that state government officials hijacked the process of the election process, adding that the selected local government electoral committees were core loyalists of Governor Kayode Fayemi. The aggrieved aspirants accused the governorship primary panel led by the Jigawa State Governor, Abubakar Badaru of compromise, noting the electoral process was skewed to favour Governor Fayemi’s preferred aspirant, Mr. Biodun Oyebanji. Despite the protest, the committee went on to conduct the election with the seven aspirants and their supporters allegedly boycotting the process. Oyebanji was declared the winner of the shadow election as he won in all the 16 local government areas of the state with 101, 703 votes. Other aspirants who refused to participate in the exercise also got votes. Adeyeye 691, Faparusi 376, Ojo 767, Bamidele 760, Bamisile 400, Afolabi 47 and Popoola 239. Reacting to the outcome of the poll, Otunba Demola Popoola who condemned and rejected the election results said the exercise was not transparent, free and fair. Popoola was among the seven aspirants who boycotted the election because they claimed the process was characterized by fraud and irregularities He accused the chairman of the electoral committee, Baduru, of doctoring the process of the polls in favour of Oyebanji, whom he said was the anointed candidate of Governor Kayode Fayemi. Popoola alleged that the majority of the people used as returning officers were members of the APC state executives, appointees of government and elected party members, who are loyal to Governor Kayode Fayemi and were also part of the Biodun Oyebanji campaign Council. He explained that each aspirant was asked to nominate 20 persons from his campaign council, but the nominated names were not found on the list. Revealing that the aggrieved aspirants had filed an appeal to challenge the credibility of the exercise and will make their collective decision known soon, Popoola said the exercise was a disgrace to the party and must not be allowed to stand Also in his response, Ojo said there was no primary election in Ekiti State describing what was superintended by governor Badaru as fraud. He posited that what the Badaru-led APC Primary committee did was a complete disgrace to APC, regretting that figures were concocted for aspirants even when no election was held. He said “as of now, I can confirm to you that the APC has no legal and credible candidate in Ekiti. From the results, you could attest to the fact that those figures were fake, concocted by the committee to suit their purpose. “We asked the committee about the personalities that will be used as returning officers on Wednesday, the day preceding the primary, they didn’t give us any useful answer. ”You could all see that majority of the people used as returning officers were members of the APC state executives, appointees of government and elected party members, who are lackeys of Governor Kayode Fayemi and were also part of the Biodun Oyebanji campaign Council. “They asked us to nominate 20 persons to be used as returning officers, up to now, we didn’t see where our lists were included, the original list was not updated. Those we gave to them were not posted to where they would monitor the election. “What they did in Ekiti was inappropriate, unethical and unacceptable. The arrangements we had were disgraceful. All the numbers allocated to aspirants were fake. Nobody had won any election here in Ekiti. “We have resolved to stand against this injustice. We are seeking every peaceful avenue to ensure that we have a process that would produce a credible candidate in Ekiti”. The aggrieved aspirant advised the National leadership of the party and the Presidency to intervene in the matter, describing the election as a nullity and illegality.