Nigeria could lose the gains made in the health insurance sector if the proposed tariff increase by private medical practitioners is not nipped in the bud by regulators of the sector. This is according to a health insurance expert, Lekan Ewenla, following threats by the Association of General and Private Medical Practitioners of Nigeria (AGPMPN) to shut down private insurance in the country. Ewenla, who raised the alarm recently during an interview with DAILY POST, described the threat as ill-timed, not achievable and capable of disrupting the operations of the health sector. While calling on the National Health Insurance Scheme to intervene in the looming crisis, Ewenla, who is the Managing Director, Ultimate Health HMO, explained that the provision of quality health care thrives only on the availability of a large pool of funds, which is not fragmented. The funds, he said can only be realised through ‘fund pooling risks’ used to provide specific health care services, explaining that the process is mostly driven by the volume of participants, referred to as enrollees who have bought various packages of health insurance. Proffering solutions to the threat of Nigeria losing the over 400 per cent gains made in the health insurance sector, Ewenla said Health Maintenance Organizations can save ‘their thinly spread enrollees and prune down the number of providers on the private health insurance and focus on redistribution of the volume of enrollees to address the inflationary issues raised by the health care providers. ”The demand of health care providers is completely at variance with the concept of health insurance. The actuarial report for the public sector social health insurance recommends a minimum of 2,500 enrollees per primary health care provider while the Health Management Organizations (HMOs) are the risk-takers at the secondary and tertiary levels of care. ”The harmonization of the private health insurance products and premium of HMOs by the NHIS, the regulator and the categorization of health care facilities vis a vis their tariffs is the lasting solution to the prevailing challenges. “Unfortunately, for now, the existing bill guiding the operations of health insurance in the country seems not to address the harmonization of private health insurance products and premium issues adequately, which fortunately has been captured in the new bill that will soon be passed by the Federal Government.”