The military task force responsible for the maintenance of peace in Plateau State and some parts of Kaduna code-named Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) has intercepted 315 blocks of substances suspected to be cannabis estimated to be worth around N6.5 million from a drug syndicate. The OPSH personnel also recovered 1,610 Pregabalin capsule IP 300mg (NERVIGESIC) capsules suspected to be illicit drugs without approval from the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control. This was disclosed by the Military Information Officer of OPSH, Major Ishaku Takwa in Jos, the Plateau State capital. He said, “Troops of Operation Safe Haven busted another drug syndicate and recovered 315 blocks of substances suspected to be cannabis estimated to be about N6.5 million. “The troops also recovered 1,610 Pregabalin capsule IP 300mg (NERVIGESIC) Capsules suspected to be illicit drugs without NAFDAC registration number. “The substances and Pregabalin capsule were neatly concealed in a Toyota Avensis Saloon car with registration number AAA 348 BT and Ford Edge Bus with registration number ABC 318 LU respectively. “The driver of the Toyota Avensis refused to stop for search at Operation SAFE HAVEN (OPSH) checkpoint along Akwanga – Gwantu Road in Sanga LGA of Kaduna State”, he explained. “On pursuit, troops shot at the vehicle, one of the suspects lost his life as a result of gunshot wounds, while the other occupants escaped into the bush.” He said the deceased was later identified as Danjuma Salisu. Among items recovered from the car includes; 314 parcels of substances suspected to be Cannabis Sativa, two fake military and Department of State Services ID cards bearing the deceased name, a Motorola radio and the sum of N10,000. In a related development, Takwa said, “Along the same route, the Ford Edge Bus driver abandoned his vehicle on sighting troops snap checkpoint along Fadan Karshi Road in Sanga LGA of Kaduna State. “Troops conducted a search on the vehicle and discovered a large quantity of Pregabalin capsule IP 300mg (NERVIGESIC) Capsules suspected to be illicit drugs”, he explained. The spokesman further stated that the relatives of the deceased have been identified and his remains have been recovered through a court process for burial. Meantime, the suspected substances have been handed over to the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Plateau State Command, for further investigation. Similarly, the Pregabalin capsules have been handed over to NAFDAC in the state for further necessary action. While commending the troops for their vigilance, Commander OPSH, Major General Ibrahim Ali, reiterated his commitment to clear criminal elements within its Joint Area of Operation. Ali called for continued collaboration with law-abiding citizens to ensure a crime-free society while enjoining members of the public to support security agencies with credible information on suspected criminal activities.