A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mr Osita Okechukwu, has said that the Senator Abdullahi Adamu Reconciliation Committee is positioning the party for 2023 electoral victory. Okechukwu, who is also the Director-General of the Voice of Nigeria (VON), told newsmen on Sunday in Abuja that the decision to set up the reconciliation committee was one of the achievements of the Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), led by Governor Mai Mala Buni. He said the committee has been going about its responsibilities with uncommon insight, purpose and empathy. The party chieftain noted that though the committee encountered some setbacks in some states, nobody expected the crisis over 15 state chapters to be settled at once. Okechukwu stressed, “All I know is that the Senator Adamu’s Committee has so far recorded huge successes in the South-east, North-west, North-east, South-west and South-south. Yes, there are unresolved issues in states like Osun, Kwara and Adamawa, but my understanding is that reconciliation is a work in progress. “The committee, yes, has some challenges, nonetheless has recorded tremendous success that would position our great party for 2023 general elections. I think with this reconciliation move, APC is becoming the party the founding fathers envisioned and it is a thing of joy that the CECPC selected such calibre of persons to perform this onerous task. “I will not be mistaken if one calls the Reconciliation Committee the nine wise men, because they are generating germane responses and inputs that would help in strengthening our great party and turning it into a formidable national political movement on the eve of the 2023 general elections.” Okechukwu revealed that he participated in the meeting for reconciliation of the three factions or tendencies in his home state, Enugu. He noted that he was impressed with how diligent and painstaking Adamu and his team grilled them. The party chieftain said one can say today that APC Enugu State Chapter is being rebuilt with Senator Ken Nnamani, former Governor Sulivan Chime and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geofrey Onyeama, which was mangled by the congresses.