Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Supreme Court has reversed its earlier decision which dismissed an appeal by Guaranty Trust Bank (GTB) against a N2.4 billion judgment given in favour of Innoson Motors Nigeria Limited by the Court of Appeal in Ibadan, Oyo State. A judgment by Justice Olukayode Ariwoola held unanimously that the Supreme Court erred when, in a ruling on February 27, 2019, it erroneously dismissed the appeal marked: SC/694/2014 filed by GTB. 2. Bola Ahmed Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Sunday visited Kano State and met chants and placards by supporters who were shouting, “Tinubu you are our next President”. Tinubu, who was received by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje at the Airport, proceeded to the late Sheik Ahmad Ibrahim Bomba’s home around BUK old site to condole his family. 3. Governors of the APC were on Sunday night, locked in a meeting in what party sources say is to chart a way forward for the conduct of APC’s long-awaited national convention. No fewer than 16 of the governors were at the meeting which took place behind closed doors at the Kebbi State Governor’s Lodge in the Asokoro District of Abuja. 4. The Governor of Nasarawa State, Abdullahi Sule, Sunday, said the 36 State Governors are not afraid of direct primaries as alleged by some Nigerians. Sule stated this during a panel discussion at a town hall meeting being organized by Yiaga Africa on the passage of the Electoral Bill. 5. Suspected unrepentant terrorists of the ISWAP group attempted to infiltrate Biu Local Government Area of Borno State and met their waterloo once again on the same routes as gallant troops engaged, overpowering them in fierce gunfire. 6. Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, yesterday in Katsina called on President Muhammadu Buhari “to use all means necessary to eliminate terrorists traumatizing the country.” Tinubu pledged to continually support President Buhari “until he gets the cracker to get the seed of evil out of the entire territory of Nigeria.” 7. The South-East Governors’ Forum, leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo and Igbo leaders of thought have concluded plans to meet President Muhammadu Buhari within the first quarter of the year over Biafra agitation and concerning the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu. 8. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has vowed that he would not surrender the State to criminals, assuring that his administration would not relent in its fight against criminals and kidnappers. He vowed that tough times awaited any criminal operating in the State. 9. There are strong indications that State and Federal governments are again on a collision course as the Federation Account Allocation Committee holds its first meeting in 2022 on Wednesday. State officials have faulted the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation’s continued deductions from FAAC funds to finance fuel subsidy, saying the issue would come up at Wednesday’s meeting. 10. The Peoples Democratic Party Governors’ Forum will today (Monday) meet in Port Harcourt to review the party’s readiness to rescue Nigeria in 2023. The Director-General of the PDP Governors Forum, Cyril Maduabum, disclosed this on Sunday in a statement titled ‘PDP Governors meet in Port Harcourt to consolidate on rescue and rebuild Nigeria project’