Residents of Gwoza Local Government Area of Borno State were on Thursday night sent into panic following the sustained firing of the 40-barrel artillery gun in town. DAILY POST learnt that aid workers and other civilians in the area were however calmed down as the firing was to send signals to suspected fighters of the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) said to be gathering at a location around the town. It could be recalled that earlier this week, ISWAP suffered heavy casualties when they attempted to ambush the military on patrol along the axis of the former Boko Haram caliphate. A top security official, who left Gwoza town on Friday morning, confirmed that there was no issue in Gwoza when he started out to Maiduguri. According to him, Gwoza is safe. Asked about the rumour of attack on the Police Training School in Limankara, the officer, who did not wish to be named, said he was not aware of such incident as Limankara is on the outskirts of Gwoza town. “You may wish to check with the police but as far as I am concerned if there is such information I am supposed to know before living Gwoza this morning. But I am not saying it is possible as everything is possible with the current situation in the northeast,” he said. DAILY POST could not reach the Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Sani Mohammed, for comments as calls and messages to his telephone were not answered to confirm or dispel the reported abduction of some police officers currently said to be engaged in training at the Gwoza Hills Training School in the state. Meanwhile, security reports filtering around Biu Local Government Area of Borno State revealed that ISWAP elements were seen gathered along Maiduguri, Damboa road in the southern part of the state with an aim to possibly launch an attack on some villages and Biu township. The report reveals that the ISWAP elements were seen at Sabon Gari and Wajiroko areas along the local government area. Other groups of terrorists belonging to the ISWAP were also said to have been seen gathering at Kafa and Ajigil villages of Damboa.