There are indications that the contract for the reconstruction of the Nyanya Bus Terminal, in a suburb of Abuja, is in jeopardy as the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has issued a threat to the contractor handling the project to revoke it. Beyond the threat of revocation, DAILY POST gathered that an unspecified amount awarded for the contract has already been paid out to the contractor as mobilisation fee, but work appears to have been abandoned. The Mandate Secretary, FCTA Transportation Secretariat, Zakari Angulu Dobi gave the threat, after inspecting the site at the weekend. Recall that on April 14, 2014, at about 6:46am, a twin bomb blast went off in the ever busy Nyanya bus station, killing over 80 persons and injuring many others. Boko Haram had claimed responsibility, following which the FCTA administration closed down the park for repairs, but had to reopen it for public use owing to its strategic nature in the metropolis. Dobi said that an investigation will be launched to unravel why the contractor abandoned the project, insisting that the contractor in question should mobilise and return to site to avoid unfavourable consequences. “I am not too happy with the level of work done, looking at what government has spent on this project. It is very obvious, but we will meet to get more clarification on the project terms. “We will go back and look at the evaluation because so much money has been paid; based on what I saw on the site and what is contained in the file, we need to know why the contractors are not on site having received such amount of money. “I am also made to understand that Transport Secretariat is not the one directly supervising the project. “That means that the Secretariat will meet with the FCDA department of Public Building, which is saddled with the responsibility of supervising the project, to tell us how they arrived at the valuation, the money that have been paid and why silence on site by contractors, and what we can do, together, to complete the project,” Dobi said.