The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State, Dr Sikirulai Ogundele, has said Governor Dapo Abiodun has no clear-cut policies to provide jobs for unemployed youths in the state. As a state with the highest number of higher learning institutions, Ogundele worried that Ogun has an increasing number of unemployed graduates every year with no engagement from the state government. According to him, many youths in the Gateway State roam the streets, adding that there are no strategies put in place by the Abiodun government to support the entrepreneurs among them. Ogundele is concerned that the lack of jobs for the youths may pose a threat to the security architecture of the state, advising that addressing insecurity goes beyond donating patrol vehicles to security agencies. He described as shocking, the fact that Gov Abiodun confirmed that Ogun State leads the ranking of internet fraudsters in Nigeria. He said the government should be ashamed, asking the governor to focus on getting the youths occupied and not caged. Speaking in a chat with newsmen in Abeokuta, Ogundele said: “The state’s security architecture truly needs a rejig, but there are many graduates who are just roaming the streets of Ogun State. After launching the patrol vehicles for police, what next for the youths? “As we all know, an idle hand is the devil’s workshop. The Governor is not doing enough for the youths despite the fact that we have the highest number of universities in Ogun State, which translates to many young graduates. “Despite the incompetency of this administration to provide jobs, do they have any policy to support young entrepreneurs in the state?” He advised the youth to endure the current situation of things in the state, assuring that the PDP would bring succour in 2023. “My advice to the youths and the people of Ogun State is to persevere and continue working hard as the PDP is committed to relieving them of the current hardship with victory in 2023,” he submitted.