The 7th edition of the most anticipated race of the year is here again with the theme – It Never Stops. The Access Bank Lagos City Marathon, an event that features athletes from all walks of life and from around the globe, has been scheduled to hold on February 12th, 2022, in compliance with all Covid-19 precautionary measures. The marathon expo and bib collection have been slated to commence from the 1st – 10th of February 2022 at the Teslim Balogun Stadium from 9 am – 6 pm daily. This year’s theme is drawn from the rationale that no matter what life may have brought as a result of the Covid situation, stopping is never an option. We must keep moving, forging ahead and surviving because there are better days ahead. Unlike the 2021 edition which featured only 300 athletes in the 42km race, with other members of the public joining the virtual 10km race on the FiNerge app, this year’s edition is an open call to all members of the public. The marathon is set to feature the return of the 10km physical race, alongside the 10km virtual race and the 42km physical race. Registrations for the marathon are ongoing, and intending participants can register here for the physical races. Participants for the 10KM virtual race will be required to download and register on the FiNerge app. Registrations end January 31st, 2022. The organizers of the event have put in place stringent COVID-19 measures to safeguard the health of all participants, and all athletes and workers are to adhere strictly to the laid down rules. Crowd control measures have also been implemented to reduce overcrowding and its effects. The 10km physical race will commence at Grace Gardens Event Place, Bisola Durosinmi Etti, Lekki Phase 1 by 10 am and end at Eko Atlantic, while the 42km race will begin at National Stadium, Surulere by 6:30 am and also end at Eko Atlantic. The 10KM virtual race will be done using the FiNerge app. Prominent artists like Teni, Zlatan, Wande coal and others are set to grace the event and perform live after the race at Eko Atlantic. It promises to be one for the books and you are encouraged to be a part of this event. For more information about the 2022 Access Bank Lagos City Marathon, please follow @myaccessbank on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram and look out for the hashtag #RunForMore.