An Ibadan-based legal practitioner, Michael Lana has petitioned Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State over attempts to install High Chief Mashood Olalekan Balogun as the next Olubadan of Ibadan land. Lana, in a letter addressed to Makinde on Monday, explained that Balogun and some High Chiefs had already been crowned as Obas during the administration of the immediate past governor of the state, late Abiola Ajimobi. The legal practitioner said, for this reason, Makinde should desist from going forward to install Balogun as the next Olubadan of Ibadan land. He said there is no where in the history of Yoruba land that someone who has already been crowned as an Oba would be elevated to become another Oba. DAILY POST recalls that the 41st Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji joined his ancestors in the early hours of Sunday at the age of 93. Reports also indicate that the next person to ascend the throne is a former Senator from Oyo state, High Chief Mashood Olalekan Balogun. But Balogun, who is the Otun Olubadan of Ibadan, was among the 21 High Chiefs who were elevated as Obas during the administration of Ajimobi, though the decision was condemned by many followers of Ibadan tradition. Balogun, who was next to the Olubadan was also among the High chiefs who accused the departed monarch of running a one-man show. Balogun and other High Chiefs among whom were High Chief Akinloye Owolabi Olakunlehin – Balogun of Ibadanland, High Chief Tajudeen Abimbola Ajibola – Otun Balogun of Ibadanland, High Chief Eddy Oyewole – Asipa Olubadan, High Chief Lateef Gbadamosi Adebimpe – Osi Balogun, High Chief Abiodun Kola-Daisi – Eekerin Olubadan and High Chief Salaudeen Hamidu Ajibade – Eekarun Olubadan collided with Ajimobi and were installed and crowned as Obas. DAILY POST recalls that the only person among the High Chiefs who kicked against the installation was a former Governor of the state, High Chief Rashidi Adewolu Ladoja, who is the Osi Olubadan of Ibadan land. Lana in his letter argued that High Chief Lekan Balogun and other High Chiefs who were elevated as Obas do not qualify to be crowned the Olubadan. He advised Makinde against any attempts to install Balogun. He added that he wrote the letter to Makinde to avoid any legal battle which may arise, should Makinde insist on installing Balogun. Lana in the letter which was also copied the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice in the state, Oyelowo Oyewo, added that such installation would be the beginning of another crisis. The legal practitioner in the letter obtained by DAILY POST on Monday said, “Now, may I draw your Excellency’s attention to the fact that in committing this aberration which changed the Ibadan chieftaincy customary law, the Olubadan chieftaincy declaration of 1957 was not amended and that remains extant. “Under that declaration and all relevant laws, no Oba can ascend the throne of Olubadan. “In other words, as long as the High Chiefs still cling to the title of Oba, they cannot ascend to that throne and any installation of any of them during the pendency of that suit is illegal, null and void. “In the entire history of Ibadan land, we have never had such a situation where the legality or otherwise of the installation of the Olubadan would be an issue and this was what your predecessor did not take into consideration”.   