The Chairman, National Hajj Commission of Nigeria, NAHCON, Alhaji Zikrullah Kunle Hassan, alongside the commissioners in the agency, during the week, paid a visit to the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Nigeria. A statement signed by Fatima Sanda Usara, Head, Public Affairs of the commission, said the visit was to discuss issues of mutual benefit to both countries regarding Hajj and Umrah operations. The statement said the visit was also to press on the Federal Government’s request for the lifting of flight ban into Saudi Arabia; a request already advanced through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and other sister agencies. Addressing His Excellency, Mr Faisal Bin Ibraheem Al-Ghamidy, the Saudi Arabian Ambassador to Nigeria, the NAHCON boss appreciated the constant mutual support and cooperation the commission and indeed Nigeria has been enjoying with the Kingdom. Alhaji Hassan encouraged the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to reconsider the direct entry ban in the interest of Nigerian intending pilgrims for Hajj and Umrah who are NAHCON’s primary constituency. The Chairman also expressed gratitude for the efforts being made by the Saudi Arabian authorities towards compensating families of the crane crash victims as promised. In response, H.E, Mr Faisal Al-Ghamidy, warmly welcomed the entourage to his office. He revealed his hope that the said flight suspension on Nigeria into the Kingdom would soon end. He pledged his country’s support to Nigeria whenever necessary. On the issue of crane crash compensation, the Ambassador responded by saying his country is prepared to ensure the compensation is handed over to the heirs or their representatives soonest as long as the requirements are complied with. Among the NAHCON Chairman’s entourage were Commissioner of Operations, Alhaji Abdullahi Magaji Hardawal; Commissioner of Policy, Personnel Management and Finance, Alhaji Nura Hassan Yakassai; NAHCON’s Secretary to the Commission, Dr Rabi’u Abdullahi Kontagora; and Special Assistant to the Chairman, Dr Danbaba Haruna.