Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. At least three civilians were killed when insurgents suspected to be the Boko Haram fighters raided a village in Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State on Friday evening. The insurgent group stormed Kautikari village near Chibok town at exactly 4:pm, shooting sporadically and burning down several houses, according to security sources. 2. The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Lucky Irabor, has vowed that Nigeria will not experience a coup again because the Armed Forces of Nigeria have pledged their total loyalty to democratic rule in the country. Irabor stated this on Friday in an interview ahead of the Armed Forces Remembrance Day. 3. Some students of Federal University of Lafia, Nasarawa State, have been kidnapped around their campus. According to sources, the students were abducted at the University community in Maraba. 4. The Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) has released video of its fighters attacking Tukur Yusufu Buratai Institute for War and Peace (TBI), a research Institute of the Nigerian Army University, located in Buratai Village, Biu Local Government Area of Borno State, on Monday. 5. A party chieftain and former Chief Judge of Anambra State, Professor Peter Nnanna Umeadi, yesterday, announced his intention to contest the office of President of Nigeria on the platform of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) in the incoming 2023 general election. 6. No fewer than 17 middle-aged men from the northern part of the country, who arrived in Ondo State with 35 dogs, charms and cutlasses have been apprehended. The northerners who stormed Okititpupa town, headquarters of Okitipupa LGA of the state were arrested after failing to disclose their mission in the state. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Friday, said Nigerians must display a sense of fairness when assessing his administration’s efforts in tackling insecurity, saying they have done their best. He made the remark, while playing host to the Grand Khalifa (overall head) of the Tijjaniyya Islamic Movement World-Wide, who paid him a visit on Friday. 8. The Benue State House of Assembly has amended the Benue State Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law of 2017, providing for stiffer penalties for offenders. The law now provides for a 14 year jail term with an option of N5million fine for anyone caught engaging under aged children for grazing in any part of the state. 9. Continued delay in the assent to the Electoral Act (2010) amendment bill may affect the adoption of the new amendments for the 2023 general elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission has said. The commission said though it operates based on existing legal regime, it was important to have the law that would guide the elections in place before election. 10. The Borno State Commissioner of Police, Abdul Umar has said no mobile police officer was abducted by Boko Haram during an attack on Police Mobile Training College, Gwoza. The police chief, who admitted that there was an attack on the college, said the insurgents were successfully repelled by policemen.