The spokesman of Atiku Abubakar Presidential Campaign in 2019, Chief Segun Showunmi, has told President Muhammadu to stop the alleged killing and maiming of Ogun State residents by men of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS). Showunmi, in a message to Buhari as he visited Ogun on Thursday, condemned the attitude of some trigger-happy customs officers in Yewa, where the borders with Benin Republic are located. According to him, the NCS agents fired shots indiscriminately all in the name of chasing suspected smugglers, thereby killing innocent souls “Mr President, the next issue for your attention is the attitude of customs officers around our border towns in the Ogun West axis of Idiroko, Imeko-Afon, and Ipokia corridor. “They kill and maim my people with reckless abandon under the guise of chasing smugglers, and looking for smuggled goods. “Meanwhile, in connivance they allow known smugglers escape and get into the country while they run riots in our town and villages chasing shadows at the expense of my people,” Showunmi alleged The Egba Chief called on Buhari to caution the law enforcement agents by reading riot act to them, requesting that human lives must be respected in performing their duties. Speaking further, the Ogun governorship aspirant decried what he called the calamitous state of the many Federal Government roads in Ogun, especially Lagos-Abeokuta road passing through Ota, the Ota-Agbara road, the Sagamu-Ogijo-Ikorodu road and others “Mr. President, please instruct your Minister of Works to give you a full and comprehensive briefing on the state of the federal roads in Ogun and you will agree with me that our state needs special consideration when it come to federal roads,” it was stated. He called Buhari’s attention to the fact that Ogun is in need of support in terms of ecological reclamation and re-stabilization of soil as a result of both erosion and mining. While thanking Buhari for the Lagos-Ibadan rail line, Showunmi also reminded him not to forget his promise to land in Ogun airport, saying, “Please help us make this promise a reality.” Meanwhile, the President has assured Ogun people that the Sango-Ota-Idiroko road would get the needed Federal Government’s attention soon.