At least seven top commanders and other members of the Niger State Joint Security Task Force that suffered injuries in the gun battle with some gunmen on Saturday in Galadiman Kogo, Shiroro Local Government Area of the state, are said to be undergoing medical treatment in Minna. However, four newly recruited local vigilantes working in communities in the area were killed during the fight. The gunmen, believed to be members of Boko Haram, numbering about 50, invaded the camp of the security task force in Galadiman Kogo community on motorcycles on Saturday around 3:00pm and engaged the team in a gun duel that claimed the lives of many residents running for their dear lives. DAILY POST learnt that the attack may not be unconnected to last week’s attack on the gunmen by the joint task force, where over 500 animals were recovered. During the fight between the two sides, it was gathered that more than 16 residents were killed while many sustained injuries. Houses, vehicles and other properties belonging to the residents of the area were set ablaze. Following the development, a source from the area told our correspondent that currently Galadiman Kogo has been deserted as hundreds of the residents are fleeing to neighboring Zumba community with their belongings for refuge. According to him, “the gunmen entered the area through Galape and Kudodo. There they forcefully took charge of a vehicle and ordered the driver to bring them to Galadiman Kogo. Many of them stormed the area on motorcycles while others trekked. They overpowered the security team due to their number.” Confirming the incident, the Chairman of Shiroro Local Government Area, Mallam Suleiman Chukuba, who could not give the exact casualty figure, described the situation as terrible, sad and devastating. After the attack on Galadiman Kogi, it was also gathered that the residents of Kuchi, Guni, Sabon Kabula, Mararaban Zagzaga, and Chibani in Munya local government were fleeing their homes, when they noticed that the JSTF camp sited at Kuchi area was closed down early hours of today unceremoniously. The development, it was further gathered created fear and confusion as the people saw the security team leaving their area, hence gathered their belongings and left their homes for their safety. DAILY POST further learnt that the gunmen are currently gathering in Kusasu community in Munya local government which heightened panic in the residents of the area. Efforts to get the reaction of the state police command through the Public Relations Officer, DSP Wasiu Abiodun, failed as he could not be reached at the time of filing this report.