A former Oyo State senator, High Chief Mashood Olalekan Balogun, is to succeed the immediate past Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji, DAILY POST reports. The departed monarch, Oba Adetunji, who is from Balogun line was, until his installation, the Balogun of Ibadan land. He ascended the throne in March 2016 after he succeeded Oba Samuel Odulana Odugade. Our correspondent recalls that Oba Adetunji joined his ancestors in the early hours of Sunday at the age of 93. The next person to ascend the throne of Olubadan, based on the available information to DAILY POST, in line with Ibadan tradition is High Chief Mashood Olalekan Balogun. Our correspondent learnt that the ascension to the Olubadan stool starts from installation from Mogaji before promotion to either Ajia Balogun of Ibadan land or Ajia Olubadan of Ibadan land. Lekan Balogun, as fondly called, represented Oyo Central senatorial district between 1999 and 2003. Balogun, who was promoted from Mogaji to Ajia Olubadan few decades ago, had earlier worked as a lecturer at Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Kaduna State. Balogun’s younger brother, Dr. Muhammed Kola Balogun, is currently representing Oyo South Senatorial District in the National Assembly. Balogun, a doctor of philosophy holder, is a native of Ali-Iwo compound in Ibadan North East Local Government Area of Oyo State. Balogun is currently the Otun Olubadan of Ibadan land and is currently the most senior chief in Ibadan land. He is to succeed the monarch in line with Ibadan tradition, DAILY POST gathered. Our correspondent gathered that there are about 34 steps to climb to get into the Olubadan In Council. All the members of the council are potential future Olubadans with the exception of Iyalode. DAILY POST correspondent gathered that for one get in to the council you have to climb starting from Mogaji’s either through one of the two lines; the Olubadan (Civilian line) or the Balogun (Military line). The list of the current ranking chiefs in Ibadan obtained by DAILY POST on Sunday confirmed that Balogun is the next person to ascend the throne. Here is the list of the most senior high chiefs next to the Olubadan in hierarchy. High Chief Mashood Olalekan Balogun – Otun Olubadan High Chief Akinloye Owolabi Olakunlehin – Balogun of Ibadanland High Chief Tajudeen Abimbola Ajibola – Otun Balogun of Ibadanland High Chief Senator Rashidi Adewolu Ladoja – Osi Olubadan High Chief Eddy Oyewole – Asipa Olubadan High Chief Lateef Gbadamosi Adebimpe – Osi Balogun High Chief Abiodun Kola-Daisi – Eekerin Olubadan High Chief Salaudeen Hamidu Ajibade – Eekarun Olubadan 