After months in the making, the London School of PR (LSPR) Nigeria has been launched and will be offering a variety of courses including Fundamentals of Public Relations diploma programmes, and other shorter courses focusing on brand building, reputation and risk management. The courses, to be delivered by World-class trainers from Europe, the United States and Nigeria, are being offered at a specially discounted price for all starter courses. LSPR Nigeria is a partner company to the London School of PR in the UK. The school has been delivering world-class training in the UK and globally since 1993, recognised in academia and the PR industry as one of the finest training establishments. The school was founded by Professor John Dalton, biologist, communications specialist and UK business leader. “I and my team in London are delighted that this initiative has finally come to fruition. We believe the school will be very successful in Nigeria given the position of the country in terms of its GDP, economic growth and educated workforce. “We already have a successful operation in Ghana and expect our Nigerian business will be equally fortunate”, Dalton commented. LSPR Nigeria is headed by entrepreneur Charles Edosomwan, who has led advertising and digital marketing company Teksight Edge for the past 8 years using data and technology to drive brand engagement and customer acquisition. He said: “I am excited to be leading LSPR in Nigeria and I am looking forward to delivering our first courses next month. We have a team of excellent trainers who are experienced in both the virtual and the traditional classroom environments. “The PR Landscape in Nigeria suffers from competency and standard issues especially with regards to professionalism and barrier to entry. We have the support of local business leaders and academia to ensure that professionals and business people in Nigeria can have access to world class training.”  Public relations and reputation management have grown exponentially in Nigeria. The discipline is considered key to business success, and many senior PR executives across the country are key advisors to their boards of directors and strategic management. Today, public relations professionals must understand finance, management, public affairs, social media, risk management, and technology. They need to keep their pulse on international affairs as well. LSPR Nigeria will be an excellent approach to the growth and development of PR in the country. PR is considered a highly desirable career option, but up to now, there are very few reputable institutions in the country offering accredited courses. An institution as reputable as LSPR and accredited by the Continuing Professional Development (CPD) in the UK is bound to add real value to help individuals and organisations employ effective methods to solving issues in business. LSPR Nigeria will deliver practical and thought-provoking training initially virtually and later in the traditional classroom environment in Lagos and Abuja. Port Harcourt will follow in 2023. Visit https://lspr.ng/ or send a mail to contact@lspr.ng.