The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Borno State has alleged that most projects executed by the current administration of Governor Babagana Zulum are substandard. The party particularly pointed out that the much talked about N4.3 billion Customs Flyover commissioned by President Muhammadu Buhari, just about a month ago, have started showing cracks. But reacting, the Borno State Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Hon Ali Bukar Dalori, described the allegation as untrue and baseless. A statement signed by the opposition PDP Publicity Secretary in the state, Mr Amos Adziba, alleged that: “it received with dismay calls and messages from concerned citizens of Borno State expressing their concern for public safety and wastages of public funds on substandard projects by the Borno State Government over the years. “The calls follow reports of the impending collapse of the just concluded Customs Flyover that gulped over N4.3 billion, which was just commissioned by Mr. President last December, 2021.” He added that: “It is the responsibility of all citizens, which all our party leadership, members, and all citizens of Borno State to activate vigilance and demand for accountability from Governor Zulum-led administration in the state, because vigilance and demand for good governance remain the price we as citizens must pay to safeguard democracy and public safety. “Our state have witnessed lots of losses of unquantifiable level over the last one decade and at this stage of recovery, while we still have numerous security challenges to face, we as a state cannot afford to waste such huge public finance on projects that are not well thought of, well designed and well executed within the global best practices standards. Meanwhile, the ruling APC Chairman, Dalori, advised the factional group of PDP of which Mr Amos Adziba paraded himself as Publicity Secretary to face their court cases filed by the genuine PDP Chairman in the state, Hon Mahdi Baderi, which is still pending. He noted that there is no need to join issues with a factional opposition party claimed to be PDP leaders, but for the purpose of clarity, the ruling APC under his chairmanship deem it necessary to keep the general public abreast on campaign of calumny against Governor Zulum by Amos Adziba who claimed to be the publicity Secretary of Zanna Gadama led -faction of the PDP in Borno state. Dalori advised “The Factional PDP led by Zanna Gadama as Chairman and Amos Adziba as Publicity Secretary to face their court cases, it is unfortunate that this group have chosen to create lies against the committed and transparent execution of people oriented projects under the leadership of Governor Babagana Umara Zulum. “Since inception of this present administration, Zulum has executed over 600 projects comprising roads and drainage networks, hospitals, schools which have been attested to be in good standard by notable Engineers, and that is why even the President of the Nigerian Society of Engineers, NSE, Engr. Babagana Mohammed, FNSE, while on a state visit to Borno applauded Zulum’s projects after he inspected them recently.”