The People’s Democratic Party, PDP in Ebonyi State has called on President Muhammadu Buhari, the National Assembly and Security agencies to immediately save the life of Linus Okorie who was declared wanted by the Ebonyi State government. The party demanded the immediate abolishment of the cybercrime law and the Ebubeagu Security outfit established by the state government, which allegedly is targeted at PDP members in the state. The state chairman of the party, Mr. Tochukwu Okorie while briefing journalists in Abakaliki, shortly after an emergency stakeholders meeting, said PDP members in Ebonyi are under siege. “The people of Ebonyi State have been under siege, a siege imposed by a government that all Ebonyians joined hands to create. ”The Ebubeagu security outfit, an illegal private outfit created by Governor David Umahi has become an albatross for the people of Ebonyi State. Businesses in the Abakaliki metropolis have closed down as the Ebubeagu boys constantly and consistently unleash terror on innocent traders and business people. “It is now commonplace to see Ebubeagu checkpoints on every nook and cranny of Ebonyi State where the only thing they do is to harass and extort money from Keke operators and okada riders, woe betide anyone that refuses to “settle” them as such person may not be alive to tell the story. “The twin incidents in Akpoha community in Afikpo North and Akaeze in Ivo local government areas respectively where Ebubeagu unleashed Boko-Haram like violence on innocent, unarmed and hapless Ebonyi citizens are classic examples of the savage sadism that the Ebubeagu employs against hapless Ebonyi citizens. “Our party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and its members have remained the prime targets of the Ebubeagu. The Ebonyi State government in its tradition of flagrant and despotic abuse of the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) once again arrogated none existent powers to itself to declare a prominent Ebonyian and one of the leading lights of Ebonyi State and the PDP, Linus Okorie wanted. The party further said, “We, therefore, as Ndi Ebonyi, Opposition political party and concerned citizens of the state who believe in constitutional democracy and the rule of law, call on President Mohammadu Buhari, the National Assembly and Security agencies to immediately step in and avert the collapse of Nigeria’s democracy by the action of one man whose inordinate quest for power is capable of sinking the ship of democracy and rule of law in Nigeria”the party said.