A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State, Ambassador Nurain Abayomi Mumuni, has advised former Governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu, to desist from attacking former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Mumuni, who contested the gubernatorial election on the platform of the defunct Congress for Progressives Change (CPC) in 2011 in Lagos State, asked Kalu and other politicians from the South-East region to engage the federal government on how to free the embattled leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu instead of blaming politicians like Tinubu. DAILY POST recalls that Tinubu had on Monday visited President Muhammadu Buhari and told him of his ambition to contest the presidential election on the platform of the APC come 2023. But the Chief Whip of the Senate, Kalu, while speaking on Thursday, declared that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) does not belong to Tinubu. Kalu, who spoke during an interview on ‘The Morning Show’ programme on Arise News Television, said that he did not snub President Muhammadu Buhari by not going to inform him about his presidential bid at the Aso Rock Villa like Tinubu did. Mumuni, while reacting to Kalu’s outburst, said that it is better for the former Abia Governor to plead for the release of Kanu instead of attacking Tinubu. Mumuni in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday, explained that Kalu who was welcomed into the party in 2016, a year after the election that ushered in Buhari does not have the nerve to call out Tinubu about his (Tinubu) presidential ambition. He said, “Despite not declaring support for any candidate yet, I believe Kalu’s remarks about Tinubu are unfortunate and must be corrected. If it’s not corrected today, another person who didn’t know what we went through in laying the foundation of the party will come tomorrow to insult our collective responsibility “Kalu lacks the temerity to make such a statement about Tinubu. He was welcomed into the party in 2016, a year after the successful election that ushered in President Buhari. He was inactive in Progressive People Alliance (PPA) for almost a decade after he had issues with his people in PDP in 2006. We know his story, but we decided to keep mum for the progress of our party.”