The Speaker, Osun State House of Assembly, Timothy Owoeye has described insinuations making the round that the Ilesa Water Works project is set to become another abandoned project as unfounded. The Speaker, who debunked the rumour, also described it as faceless, not signed and filled with unsubstantiated allegations. According to a statement titled, “Re: Settling political scores through People’s basic need in Ijeshaland,” signed and made available by Kunle Alabi, his Chief Press Secretary, Owoeye stated that, “The writer of the malicious piece could have asked questions if he or she was in doubt instead of spewing out information that is unfounded, jaundiced and misleading. “The 7th Assembly presided over by Timothy Owoeye is one that is overseeing the performance and expenditure of the executive based on the interest of the people. it is an indirect way of compelling the executive to be answerable to the citizens. “The 7th Assembly has continually been engaging the Commissioner for Water Resources, Dr. Amidu Tadese and the Chief Consultant of the water project in Ilesa, Engineer Tawa Williams. “The Speaker is so passionate about the water project situated in his constituent being an Ijesa son. He is stopping at nothing in ensuring that the project comes to fruition in no distant time and at different fora commended Government efforts on the water project. “The House of Assembly is fully aware that Engineer Mrs Tawa Williams is still the Chief Consultants in charge of the Ilesa water project. The purported removal is coming from the figment of the imagination of the writer. “The House of Assembly Committee on Water resources headed by Babatunde Olateju in its oversight function had paid several visits to the Ilesa water project to ascertain the level of work done at the project site. “The Assembly is aware that all the components of the project are almost completed except the treatment plants in Kajola which was affected by the mining activities in Ijesaland couple with the Covid-19 pandemic in 2020. “The Bank that granted the loan gave an extension till 2023 for the remaining loan to be assessed, substantial amount of the loan have not been assessed and all other components have been completed but for the treatment plant. “A new technology must be employed because of the mining activities so that the particles in the water in that area can be handled effectively,” Owoeye concluded. The whole furore has been due to an unsigned letter titled, “settling political scores through people’s basic needs in Ijesaland” and addressed to prominent sons and daughters of Ijesa land including Owoeye. In the letter, the author stated that “it is no news that the entire Ijeshaland that the ancient town has been denied one of the basic amenities that are essential for a human being to survive which is water. For over 40 years now, Ilesha and its environs have been faced with the persistent problem of potable government water supply. “To break this jinx, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola as the Governor of Osun then, approached the federal government , the world bank and the Islamic development bank for assistance and got approval for a 107 million dollars water project for Ilesha and environs. The project, when completed will be supplying 60 million litres of water per day to the entire Ilesha township and other surrounding towns and villages in ijeshaland.” The letter also alluded to the fact that the project consultant, Engr. Tawa Williams who was instrumental to the smooth running and progress of the project was removed without any reason. This removal, it maintained, had created a big setback to the project to the point that the federal ministry of water resources was surprised at the Governor”s decision. The letter also accused the state governor, Adegboyega Oyetola of abandoning some other public projects in the state which was commissioned by his predecessor, Rauf Aregbesola. Reacting, the Osun State Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Funke Egbemode also described the contents of the letter as false and a figment of the imagination of the faceless writer. While describing the letter as the limits of malice, Egbemode revealed that the Ilesa water project is in its final stage being 100% complete and that Engr. Tawa Williams was not in any way relieved of her appointment as the project supervisor. “It is also important to note that it is the Federal Ministry of Finance that is paying the contractor while the Federal Ministry of Water Resources supervises,” she added.