A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kaduna State, Alhaji Mohammed Saidu, has expressed confidence that come 2023, the people of the state will make the wisest decision in electing a governor that will restore peace, unity and bring an end to the present challenges the citizens are going through. Speaking to DAILY POST in Kaduna on Wednesday, the party chieftain declared, “I am of aged and l stand a better position to give a good history of Kaduna State. It has not been so bad as we are experiencing today that everybody irrespective of party, religion or section is bitterly complaining of the situation we have all found ourselves. “We in Kaduna State are in a serious mess of leadership because as l am talking to you, keep the sentiment of religion or political party aside, the state is the worst state in the country where insecurity has become the order of the day with killings, kidnapping and rustling of cattle, most people especially in the rural areas, they do not go to farm, market or business places to look for their daily bread for fear of bandits that are all over the place. “The Peoples Democratic Party has a bright future to take over the leadership in the state and restore the lost glory the state is known with. The ruling party, APC will definitely find it very difficult for whoever candidate they fill for the governorship election to be able to convince displaced people, people who are running from their houses because of bandits and all forms of criminality that has taken over the state to vote a candidate from APC again. “What the people are going through has no religion, tribe or section but all are suffering because of what the All Progressive Congress (APC)-led administration has brought to the citizens of the state. We have to, as a people, help ourselves protect our state from the hands of those who want to ensure division, hatred and total anarchy in the state.” According to him, what the state is suffering should not be allowed to happen, calling on all irrespective of any difference to unite and fight what the ruling party brought to Kaduna State. He added, “We should be sincere to ourselves and deliver the state from idle bloggers. The state has truly fallen into the hands of idle minds that have no pity for the people of the state but to put them in perpetual suffering and confusion.” He said that it is the PDP that ought to tell APC that the state is “not meant for bloggers who think that decades of scavenging off the woes of people qualifies them for leadership.” He stated that any attempt to further put the state into the type of leadership the state found itself since 2015 to date would cause total destruction and division that will take years to reunite the state. He called on the people in the state not to allow themselves to be deceived into falling into the hands of the ruling party for another year of suffering and confusion.