The worsening spate of insecurity currently being experienced in Nigeria has been attributed to the poor administration of criminal justice law in the country. This was the submission of the Chief Registrar of the Bauchi State High Court, Barrister Emmanuel Suplim, while speaking at a one-day workshop on strengthening effective implementation of Administration of Criminal Justice Act/Law, organized by the Federal Administration of Criminal Justice Monitoring Committee in Bauchi on Thursday. Suplim stated that the Administration of Criminal Justice Bill passed by the immediate past Bauchi State House of Assembly was assented to by former Governor, Barrister Mohammed Abubakar Abubakar, in 2018. He said that since then, the State was yet to implement the law, adding that in 2021, the State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, inaugurated the State’s Administration of Criminal Justice Monitoring Committee. The workshop, according to the Chief Registrar, was organized with a view to taking a holistic look at the draft amendment made to the law. The amendment, he said, was necessitated by the discovery that many aspects of the law were not applicable in the State. “Having gone through the law that is already in place, we discovered that there are many aspects of the law that are not applicable to Bauchi State. It is of this that we embarked on a draft amendment of the law. “So, this workshop is meant to discuss the draft so that if it is agreed by stakeholders that the draft is okay, then it will be forwarded to the State House of Assembly for consideration,” the Chief Registrar said. Also speaking at the workshop, the Executive Secretary, Federal Administration of Criminal Justice Monitoring Committee (ACJMC), Sulayman Dawodu said his committee was partnering with the Bauchi State government in strengthening administration of the criminal justice law system in the State. Dawodu said that they would synergise with the State with a view to speedily implementing the Administration of Criminal Justice Law of Bauchi State, saying that the State was one of the States in the country that had passed and assented to the law. According to him, “we are here in Bauchi State to synergise with our Bauchi counterpart and to share experience and knowledge, help them get up to speed in the implementation of the Administration of Criminal Justice Law of Bauchi State. “We have seen that the criminal justice law is there, but it has not been fully implemented yet. So, our concern is that from the federal level, we have come to support other States and Bauchi is one of the nine States that we have been supporting under the MacAuthur project in collaboration with the Federal Ministry of Justice so that the State can implement most of the provisions of the law.” Dawodu declared that the provisions of the law, such as how arrests and investigations were to be made and conducted, among others, were meant to be implemented. “So, we don’t want the provisions of the law to be just on paper, but there should be implementation of the provisions of the law such as ways that the police conduct arrests, investigations, prosecutions in courts, how cases can progress speedily in court and not linger up to 8 to 10 years, how people’s rights can be protected and victims compensated and how the welfare of detainees can be well looked into at the correctional centres. “These are all the issues written in the law, but we are finding it hard to implement because of challenges and other bottlenecks,” Dawodu said.