A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and leader of the Oodua People’s Congress New Era in Ekiti State, Niyi Adedipe, popularly known as ‘Apase’, has alleged that some powerful authorities and desperate actors within the state are planning to kidnap him and if possible, take his life. To this end, Adedipe has called on various security chiefs in the state to save his life by giving him adequate protection ahead of the primary election of the party scheduled for next week. According to Adedipe, the alleged planned attack on him was due to his support for one of the aspirants in the contest, Engineer Kayode Ojo and because the masterminds know that he has all it takes to win the election for his preferred candidate. His words, “I got this information from a very reliable source that some bigwigs of the party from a camp with entrenched interest in the election are planning to kidnap me. “As a matter of fact, the agents to be used have been instructed to do everything possible to ensure I’m out of the game before Wednesday, either by hook or by crook. “These evil persons are planning a repeat of what they did in 2007 during the primaries of our party, it was AC then. I was at the venue of the screening of contestants at Olujoda Hotel when some men came from nowhere and used multiple electric devices to paralyze me and whisked me to an unknown destination where I spent three nights. “I was let go after the election had been concluded, but this time around, they are planning to make it more deadly. “My offence then was because I was supporting Olowoporoku and here we are again, the same set of people have conspired to repeat similar shows just because I failed to bow to their pressure.” Adedipe, however, said he had contacted some security chiefs on phone but he would be visiting the police headquarters later to make a formal report. Speaking on the choice of Kayode Ojo, Chief Adedipe explained that successive governments in Ekiti have done very well but one of their major challenges had been availability of funds. “Kayode Ojo is an entrepreneur, who has succeeded in the private sector, hence he is experienced and possessed with the capacity to turn waste to wealth,” he added.