Human Rights Writers Association, HURIWA, has told a former Niger Delta militant leader, Alhaji Asari Dokubo, to be sensitive and stop his alleged garrulous attacks on the rule of law which is geared towards undermining leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu. HURIWA said it strongly condemns the insensitive, callous and irrationally calculated attempt by the ex-militant leader to intentionally influence the outcome of the trial of Nnamdi Kanu. “We condemn the systematic campaign of calumny by Mr. Dokubo targeting Mazi Nnamdi Kanu,” HURIWA said in a statement signed by Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko, its national coordinator. “We think that his constant media outbursts seeking to undermine the defense that maybe put up by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu in the Court is totally unconstitutional, primitive, tendentious, provocative and animalistic.” The group said that Asari Dokubo must be called to order, adding that Nigeria has become virtually a banana republic under this current administration. “It is sad that this same government that have committed an atrocity of abducting a citizen from Kenya which is Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is the same government that is engaging in media trial, meaning that the government does not believe in constitutional democracy,” HURIWA added. “This is the reason why the likes of Mr. Asari Dokubo and his ilks are constantly in the media trying to undermine the rule of law by seeking to influence proceedings in the court including calling for an indefinite detention of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.” HURIWA said Asari Dokubo is only taking advantage of the alleged lawlessness in Nigeria, pointing out that had it been the United Kingdom or some other countries, Dokubo would have been arrested because one does not try to influence the proceedings of the court of law. The group insisted that IPOB is no longer to blame for the continued sit-at-home in some parts of the South East, adding that Asari’s allegation that the group is the one behind the weekly economic shutdown in the region is nonsensical because the secessionist group has since cancelled it. Biafra: Asari Dokubo linked to Nnamdi Kanu’s rearrest by Buhari govt