Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Politicians from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Friday, buried their differences and honoured Katsina-born business mogul, Alhaji Dahiru Mangal, whose son got married. Shamsudeen Mangal, wedded Habeeba Ayuba Musa, at Abi Talib Central Mosque, Maitama, Abuja, on Friday. 2. A real estate agent, 50-year-old Diran Elijah, has lost his life after having sex with his former wife identified simply as Idowu, at a hotel in the Agbado area of Ogun State. Idowu, who has remarried with two children for her new husband, reportedly separated from Elijah about four years ago.
3. The staff of the Police Service Commission under the workers union have declared a 3-day warning strike over the alleged takeover of the recruitment of 10,000 Constables by Force headquarters. The workers shut down the PSC headquarters in Abuja and forced the Permanent Secretary, Chief William Alo and directors out of their offices. 4. Amid intense calls for power shift from the North to the South ahead of the 2023 presidential election, the main opposition party, Peoples Democratic Party, has said it will not stop aspirants of northern origin, including Atiku Abubakar from contesting its presidential ticket. The party said it would leave the ticket open for all aspirants irrespective of their states or geopolitical zones. 5. The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) says it is yet to get official communication from the government of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on the lifting of the flight ban imposed on Nigeria and 11 other African countries. On Thursday, UAE aviation authorities tweeted that flights can resume between Nigeria and UAE from Saturday. 6. The Director of Defence Information, Major General Jimmy Akpor, has blamed the attacks in Zamfara and Niger states on poor road networks, communication infrastructure and the vastness of the affected communities. Akpor, however, said the military had taken this into perspective, adding that it had deployed troops to address the situation. 7. The Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has said the nation’s judiciary is becoming more confusing and contradictory in its decisions. Wike also said the ongoing dispute between Rivers State and the Federal Government over the legitimate authority to impose and collect Value Added Taxes had enormous constitutional implications that should be addressed directly. 8. All Progressives Congress National Leader, Bola Tinubu, is in fine health and in excellent spirits, his spokesman, Tunde Rahman, has said. Rahman also confirmed that the 69-year-old ex-governor of Lagos State travelled overseas to hold some meetings and further consultations in line with his 2023 presidential ambition. 9. The lawmaker representing the Benue South Senatorial District, Senator Abah Moro has petitioned the Inspector General of Police, IGP, Usman Alkali Baba over the killing of one Shedrack Ochoche who was allegedly tortured to death by some police officers in Abuja. He was allegedly murdered after being accused of stealing a car battery belonging to a Chinese woman. 10. Former Niger Delta militant leader, Asari Dokubo, has said Nnamdi Kanu should not be released because he instigated violence and his influence propelled his followers to wreak havoc in the southeast. The leader of the defunct Niger Delta Peoples Salvation Force (NDPSF), disclosed this in a Facebook live on Thursday.