Yoruba group, Ilana Omo Oodua (IOO) has faulted Pelumi Olajengbesi, a lawyer to Sunday Adeyemo, a.k.a Igboho, for announcing his resignation on social media. Olajengbesi defended Igboho’s aides and relations against the Department of State Services (DSS) at an Abuja High Court. In a statement on Sunday, the activist told the public he was done with matters involving Igboho and the Yoruba Nation agitators. The legal practitioner said his firm was satisfied with its representation of the citizens which ensured the protection and enforcement of their rights. Olajengbesi noted that thirteen persons arrested by the DSS were released, while only two persons face terrorism trials at the Federal High Court. “While thanking everyone, particularly Chief Yomi Aliyu (SAN) for the opportunity, and freehand service, Dr. Olasupo Ojo for his fair leadership and Chief Femi Falana for allowing his industry to be tapped and for the moral support, I most respectfully wish to now step aside”, he wrote. Reacting, IOO spokesman, Maxwell Adeleye, said the lawyer’s resignation on the internet “is an indication of lack of understanding of the ethics of his profession”. He said Olajengbesi resigned over the body’s response to “his provocative and unnecessary attack” against the leader, Professor Banji Akintoye in December. The latter had faulted Akintoye’s declaration that there will be no governorship election in Ekiti and Osun States in 2022. IOO said Olajengbesi announced he was quitting cases concerning Igboho and the Yoruba Nation struggle but will continue with the case of the Ighoho charged for terrorism. “You can’t approbate and re-approbate. You can’t be out attacking us on social media and still want to handle the Ighoho case. You can’t eat your cake and have it. “The public embarrassment, humiliation and opprobrium that has been brought to the Yoruba Nation self-determination struggle by Olajengbesi in the last 24 hours is enough.” Adeleye noted that if allowed to continue, “Olajengbesi will sabotage us and trade the two innocent people to the Nigerian Government. “We do not want him anywhere near our struggle anymore. He has clearly indicated that he lacks honour, integrity and decency.” The statement reiterated condemnation of Olajengbesi’s New Year’s day message to President Muhammad Buhari “without authorisation, impersonating and painting the image of a tired Igboho”. 