A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Delta State, Hon. Francis Obule JP, has urged Governor Arthur Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State to work closely with former Governor James Onanefe Ibori, who introduced rotation, to select the best candidate among the aspirants that showed interest in the 2023 governorship race in the state. He said this will let the various senatorial districts and ethnic groups have a sense of belonging in the development of the state. Hon. Obule made the call during a chat with newsmen in Warri after a brief meeting with some political stakeholders in the state. He noted that some people are using Governor Okowa’s name as a platform to campaign that the governor loves one particular aspirant who he would support. He stressed that this is just a way to tarnish the reputation of Governor Okowa who loves all the aspirants equally as exemplified in his spread of development across the three senatorial districts. Obule hailed the rotation formula started from Delta South with Governor Emmanuel Uduaghan after Ibori’s tenure and now Delta North with Governor Okowa who will hand over to Delta Central with the laid down political arrangement. He suggested that Governor Okowa should have a roundtable discussion with Ibori on ways to bring out credible candidates come 2023. “The unwritten and verbal arrangement for zoning system was not based on ethnic nationality but on the senatorial district, therefore, the various aspirants that showcased themselves edo the people of Delta State should be screened for the best to emerge to fly the flag of our great party, the PDP to secure the governorship position for Delta State come 2023,” he said. Hon. Obule also appealed to all and sundry not to victimize Ibori for standing by the unwritten agreement of the zoning formula which has ushered different governors from other senatorial districts pointing out that it has shown the love Ibori has for Delta State. He stated the importance of the Delta Central 2023 (DC-23) to work with the Urhobo Progress Union (UPU) to bring out the best among the aspirants who have the will-power and political acumen to wrestle power from any other aspirant that will emerge from the two other senatorial districts stressing, “United we stand. Divided, we fall.” Obule, who is also the Delta State Coordinator of PDP Mobilizer, urged the DC-23 to engage in proper consultation and screening of all the aspirants and come out with an acceptable candidate which will be presented to the PDP in the state. “During the election between Professor Eric Opia of NRC and late Ighovodja of the SDP, when Urhobo discovered that Ighovodja cannot match Prof. Opia they quickly advised him to step down for Olorogun Felix Ibru which Ighovodja accepted,” he said. He added that “the DC-23 and UPU should work harmoniously and come out with the best for us to have victory at the polls and all the aspirants should accept the recommendation of DC-23 and the UPU”.