Following the attack on Molege community in Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State by suspected Fulani herdsmen, the State Security Network, known as Amotekun Corps has launched a manhunt for the perpetrators. It was gathered that operatives of the corps had been deployed to comb the forest extensively in order to apprehend them. DAILY POST recalls that on January 6, 2022, armed herders killed no fewer than three people including the village head, and as well razed the entire village. According to the State Commander of the corps, Adetunji Adeleye, during his visit to the affected community, revealed that the entire forest within the local government which borders Edo State will be combed. Adeleye, who was accompanied to the community by the Alhaji Jimoh Dojumo, the Special Assistant on Security to Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, narrated that following a tip-off about the incident, his men who moved to salvage the situation at Molege on were ambushed by the notorious herders who hid on trees by the roadsides. “It was an unfortunate situation. We have chased them across the river into the neighbouring Edo State and we are going to maintain 24 hours vigilance around the community to ensure they don’t come back. “But I can assure you, that all the security agencies which include the Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and the Amotekun Corps are on ground to ensure that there is adequate security for the lives and property of the people in Ose and the state in general.” He also urged youths in Ose Communities to be swift in providing timely information that would enable proper investigation towards nipping crimes in the bud. The residents of the affected village had disclosed that the herders numbering 50 laid siege on the community after they prevented the herdsmen from gazing their cows on farmlands in the community. Also, the governor of the state, Akeredolu had vowed to apprehend those behind the attack, adding that the herders had become problematic.