The Dass Emirate on Monday condemned in totality the recent attacks on the convoys of the Emirs of Bauchi and Dass, describing it as barbaric, provocative and misleading. It however commended the Bauchi State Government for taking necessary measures to avert future occurrence of the sad episode. The two first-class traditional rulers, Emir of Bauchi, Alhaji Rilwanu Sulaiman Adamu; and Emir of Dass, Alhaji Othman Bilyaminu Usman; and Sum Pyem of Gindiri, Plateau State, were attacked on 31st December, 2021 in Tafawa Balewa on their way to Bogoro for the 21st memorial anniversary of Sayawa leader and crusader, Baba Peter Gonto. The attack led to a protest in Dass, the headquarters of Dass Local Government Area of the state on 1st January, 2022, as some aggrieved persons demonstrated to express their anger over what they termed a total disregard to their royal father. It, however, took the intervention of Alhaji Othman himself to prevent the demonstration from turning violent. Rising for an emergency meeting of the Dass Emirate Council called by the Emir to discuss the incidence, Alhaji Othman, according to a press release signed and made available to journalists in Bauchi by Secretary to the Council, Muawiya Bilyaminu Othman, enjoined people of his emirate to always promote peaceful coexistence and continue to live in peace with one another, irrespective of their religious beliefs. While condemning the attacks on the royal fathers, leading to the destruction of their official vehicles, the Emir submitted that it was only peace that could bring development to the area. “The Emir condemned in strong terms the unfortunate attack on the vehicles of Emir of Bauchi, Dr Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu and his official vehicle by some hoodlums in Tafawa Balewa on their way to attend the occasion. “He described the attack and destruction of properties as very unfortunate at this modern era, especially when Bauchi citizens are witnessing tremendous positive changes from the present administration of Senator Bala Mohammed that has impacted so much in trying to provide development across the state,” the release stated. It added that Dass Emirate Council welcomes the call to constitute a strong committee to investigate and fish out the perpetrators of the unfortunate acts with the aim of bringing them to book, noting that this would prevent unnecessary crisis not only in the Emirate but also the state in general. The Emir then challenged security agencies in the state to get to the root cause of the violent attack on innocent people by hoodlums in Tafawa Balewa, Bogoro with a view to ensuring that the perpetrators are punished accordingly. He then called on people of the Emirate to always live in peace with one another and to desist from spreading rumours that would be of negative impact in the community.