Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Gunmen, Monday, ambushed a police patrol team, killing two officers and setting a patrol vehicle ablaze in Kwalam town, Taura Local Government Area of Jigawa State. A resident said the incident happened on Monday morning when the gunmen numbering about eight attacked the police patrol team, killing two officers while three others escaped after an exchange of gunfire. 2. The Federal Government, on Monday, said there won’t be any removal of fuel subsidy anytime soon as a result of perceived difficulties associated with it. Minister of Finance, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, stated this at an interactive meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan and other principal officers of the Senate. 3. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has urged the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, and the Trade Union Congress, TUC, to “abort” the planned protests against the Federal Government’s proposed removal of fuel subsidy. Lawan described the planned nationwide protest as “totally unnecessary”. 4. The Joint Admission and Matriculations Board have set aside April 20 to 30th, 2022, for the commencement of the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The mock examination is expected to hold on April 2nd, 2022, while registration for the examination would commence from 12th February and end on 19th March 2022, respectively. 5. Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has said he will not waste time to assent to the death warrant of Abdulmalik Tanko if it is brought before him. Tanko, the proprietor of Noble Kids Academy in Nasarawa Local Government Area of Kano, had confessed killing five-year-old Hanifa Abubakar, a pupil he abducted in December 2021. 6. Tragedy struck on Monday as the Alagodo of Agodo in Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State, Oba Ayinde Odetola, was allegedly assassinated by some yet to be identified assailants. It was learnt that three other persons said to be friends of the deceased monarch were burnt to death. 7. The leader of the technical committee for the Atiku Abubakar presidential campaign, Chief Raymond Dokpesi, has said that if elected, the former Vice President of the country will stay in power for only one term. 8. Explosives suspected to have been planted by terrorists have destroyed parts of Catholic Chapel of St. John’s College, Mutum-Biyu, headquarters of Gassol Local Government area of Taraba State. Principal of the College, Rev. Fr. Emmanuel Ikyaan, told journalists that the device went off around 7:20 pm on Sunday. 9. The Federal Government has begun a probe of online banks over their alleged breaches of customers’ data privacy. The Director-General, National Information Technology Development Agency, Kashifu Inuwa made this disclosure in Abuja on Monday. 10. The Rivers State Police Command has arrested a man, identified as Kelechi, whose lover was found dead at their residence on Woke Street, Chirubim Road, Mile 3, Diobu, Port Harcourt. The state PPRO, Grace Iringe-Koko, on Monday, said the suspect was detained at the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department.