The four teenage boys nabbed for slaughtering Sofiat Kehinde and burning her head for money ritual have said they got the guidelines on popular social media platform, Facebook. The teenagers said they were inspired by the guidelines, saying that it informed why they decided to slaughter Sofiat, said to be the girlfriend of one of them. DAILY POST reported Saturday that the boys were caught at Oke Aregba area of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, after they had beheaded Sofiat and put her head in a local pot for burning. The police at Adatan police station had arrested Wariz Oladeinde, Abdulgafar Lukman, Mustakeem Balogun, and Soliu Majekodunmi, the boyfriend of the slain girl. Parading the suspects on Monday at the State Headquarters, Eleweran, Abeokuta, Sofiat’s boyfriend, Soliu, confessed that when the victim visited him on Friday, he strangled her and cut off her head immediately with the aid of his accomplices. Soliu explained how they had contributed money and purchased other ingredients needed for the ritual, while awaiting the day they would kill the lady, who he said was introduced to him in December 2021. According to him, Mustekeem, who used to attend the same Islamic society (Asalatu) with Sofiat, was the arrow head of the heinous act, saying he was the one who brought the guidelines from Facebook and pestered the group of friends to carryout the act so as to become rich quickly. He said, “Last year December, Mustakeem gave me her number that I should be dating her. The first time Sofiat came to my house, I informed Mustakeem that she was around and that she had agreed to my proposal for a relationship. “The second time Sofiat came, I told him, but he told me that she is not a good girl and advised that we should use her (for money rituals). “Mustakeem said he saw a guideline for ‘Osole’ (money ritual) on Facebook and he had a screenshot of it. “Since then, he had been disturbing me that we should use Sofiat for money ritual, but I didn’t agree with him. “In fact, on many occasions, I lied to Sofiat that I am not at home just to dissuade her from coming. “During the process, Mustakeem had ensured that we all make contributions towards other items needed for the ritual. “So, eventually, Sofiat came to my house on Friday. I was inside my room with her while Mustakeem was outside. Later Mustakeem told me that we should go ahead and use her since all other needed items for the rituals are ready.” Soliu told newsmen that he had regretted his action, urging other youths who are in a hurry to make money quickly to wait for their time. “I have regrets. If I knew it would end up like this I would not have gotten myself involved in the act. My advice to those who don’t want to wait for their time is that, they should please wait for their time,” he said.