Two persons have been injured in a lone road accident, which occurred at Owode-Ede town in Osun State, on Sunday. The accident involved a dark-coloured Toyota Corolla with registration number RSH976BL. The accident, eyewitnesses revealed, occurred when the vehicle which was travelling with four occupants, two male and two female adults from Ede, skidded off the road, hit a cement block sign post along the road and somersaulted severally. The eyewitnesses also revealed that of the four occupants of the vehicle, the two female passengers escaped without injuries but the other two male occupants were not that lucky as they sustained serious injuries. They were, however, rushed to an unknown hospital by personnel of the Nigeria Police, who were the first responders at the scene of the crash. DAILY POST gathered that the probable cause of the road crash was over-speeding and loss of control by the driver of the vehicle. As at the time of filing this report, the Osun Sector Command could not confirm the accident. The spokesperson, Agnes Ogungbemi explained that the command was not aware of the accident and they have not been called upon to rescue any victim of accident along that axis of the state. Meanwhile, a man has escaped death by the whiskers in a lone road accident which occured at Iwaraja junction MOB filling station area, along the Ilesa-Ipetu Ijesa highway. Information made available by the Osun Sector of the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), revealed that the accident involved a red coloured Toyota Corolla with registration number APP440HA. The minor accident which occured in Sunday, It was disclosed was caused by speeding violation and loss of control by the driver of the vehicle. The spokesperson of the Command, Agnes Ogungbemi,while confirming the accident called on drivers to always obey traffic regulations and drive within the approved speed limits. Ogungbemi also advised drivers to ensure their vehicles was in good conditions by ensuring that they are properly serviced by reputable car mechanics.