Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has donated a piece of land to Faithway Gospel Ministries in Makurdi, headquartered in Jos, the Plateau State capital, for the construction of a church and pastor’s residence. Governor Ortom announced the donation on Sunday, 30th January, 2022, during a thanksgiving service held at the church’s temporary worship center located in the premises of Staff Development Center, Makurdi. He explained that the land, measuring slightly above 100ft by 100ft is located at Hudco Quarters Makurdi, stressing that arrangements are being made to acquire a nearby portion of land to add to the existing one so the church could have enough space for development. Governor Ortom said he was led by the spirit to make the donation without request from the church, pointing out that it pays to give and encouraged Christians to live a life of giving in order to attract God’s blessings. The Governor, who was Guest Speaker at the thanksgiving and spoke on the topic: ‘Practical Life of a Christian,’ said he came into politics as a Christian who bears the mark of Christ. He stated that the dedication of Benue to God in 2016 is being manifested with the selection of born again Christians as paramount rulers, stressing that the grace of God is upon the state. Governor Ortom, who urged Christians to combine faith with works to get the desired result, said God gave him the message for Christians in the state to demonstrate the fact that faith without work is dead. Earlier, President of Faithway Gospel Ministries, Reverend Samuel Alaha disclosed that he is thanking God because of His favour upon his life and church which has made the ministry to grow from strength to strength. He disclosed that the church is in 10 states currently and has a mandate to plant 100 churches across the country in the year 2022. Reverend Alaha expressed appreciation to the Governor for his support to the church which has enabled it to win more souls for the kingdom of God and thanked the pastors for their resilience, adding that the Governor has stood with the church since 1980 till date. The thanksgiving was attended by the President, Customary Court of Appeal, Justice Cosmas Idye; members of the State Executive and Security Council, heads of parastatals and other senior aides to the governor.