As political parties strategize for victory in the forthcoming 2023 general elections, concerned stakeholders have uncovered how the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo’s presidential ambition may make or mar the party. DAILY POST reports that Tinubu and Osinbajo have been the major members of the ruling party believed to be vying for the presidential ticket under the APC, as their supporters across the country continue to make moves towards gaining public acceptance. Although the duo are yet to publicly declare their interest to run for the top political position, there are strong indications that they are both working towards becoming APC flag bearer in the presidential election. It can be recalled that a former military president, General Ibrahim Babangida on December 22, endorsed the candidature of Yemi Osibanjo for the 2023 presidential elections, saying he is a good man to lead the country. IBB made the assertion when the Osibanjo Grassroot Organization visited him in his Uphill Residence in Minna, the Niger State capital. Similarly, the Director-General, Bola Tinubu Support Group Management Council, Abdulmumini Jibrin Kofa, a few days ago, said Tinubu’s Presidential contest in 2023 is a done deal, stressing that he is only waiting for a date to make his public declaration of interest. However, some stakeholders who spoke with DAILY POST on Wednesday, said Bola Tinubu’s ambition may crash the party’s hope of retaining power in 2023. A senior lecturer in University of Abuja who identified himself simply as Dr Daniel, told our correspondent that the Vice President has more acceptance in the public than the former Lagos State Governor, Tinubu. According to him, the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, would be glad to see Tinubu becoming the APC flag bearer, stressing that he is a weak candidate. He said, “If APC wants to remain relevant, they should have a public survey to determine whether Tinubu, the party’s leader can actually win the hearts of Nigerians, because as it is currently, I don’t see that man winning any election in the country. “Nigerians are no longer like they think, our people are getting sophisticated in their reasoning on a daily basis. If you carefully examine what happened in Anambra State during the recently concluded governorship election, you will understand that it is no longer business as usual. “If APC eventually gives the ticket to Bola Tinubu, PDP will shine because there will be no much work needed to defeat him”. Similarly, the National Coordinator of the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko told DAILY POST that the Asiwaju of Lagos is old and should retire from politics. He said, “I don’t think anybody will see these two people and go for Tinubu, he is almost 90 years old even though he claimed to be 69. “Although good health comes from God but some people are healthier than the others, the VP has not been known for any health challenge so far, he is a lucky man that God has blessed with good health. “If the power givers have decided to give it to any of the two, a reasonable person will go for Osinbajo because he is young, he is better educated. Nobody knows which school Tinubu went to”. Also, a chieftain of the ruling party who preferred not to be mentioned, told DAILY POST in Abuja that most members of the party are working towards ensuring that the VP gets the ticket. According to him, “It is not all about the big names, it is not about who may think he owns the party, it is about who is saleable. “We need a personality that will give us victory in 2023 and that is why we are supporting Osinbajo. Like IBB recently observed, Osinbajo has all it takes to be president of this country”.