Three Chinese nationals have been reportedly abducted and another shot dead at the site of the Zungeru Hydro Electric Power Dam project in Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State by armed bandits. It was gathered that the gunmen killed two local security guards, in the attack, which occurred on Tuesday at about 4pm at the dam site. DAILY POST learnt that the workers were working on the connection of high-tension extension from the Zungeru Hydro Electric Power Dam to Gusase community, when the bandits invaded the area. The armed bandits arrived in the community, it was learnt in their numbers on motorcycles, shooting sporadically, thereby sending residents to various directions for safety. An eyewitness told DAILY POST that during the operation, the bandits conducted their attack unchallenged. According to the source, “During the attack by the bandits, which took us by surprise, a Chinese worker was shot dead as well as two of our internal security guards. They left with two other Chinese workers, among others, to an unknown destination”. The Secretary to the Niger State Government SSG, Alhaji Ibrahim Ahmed Matane, confirmed the incident and the abduction of the foreign nationals, but was not certain on the number of persons killed during the attack. Our correspondent further gathered that the state government team led by the SSG and Commissioner for Local government, Chieftaincy Affairs and Internal security, Emmanuel Umar with some security agents had visited the area to assess the situation. Also, confirming the incident, the state police command through the Public Relations Officer, PRO, DSP Wasiu Abiodun explained that the bandits attacked the workers while working on a transmission line tower along Gussase village. According to him, ” Police tactical team attached to the facility engaged the hoodlums in a gun duel while four of the expatriates were rescued with one of them and a local staff sustaining bullet injuries. “In the process of scampering for safety during the gun duel, three of the expatriates could not be accounted for presently.” He revealed that a joint police/military tactical teams at Zungeru are already on aggressive manhunt of the hoodlums and rescue of the missing and abducted expatriates.