A former Governor of Zamfara State, Abdulaziz Yari has described the immediate past Secretary of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Abdulahi Shinkafi as a ‘noise maker’ and an ‘errand boy’. Yari, a chairmanship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) said he would not join issues with Shinkafi considering his antecedents in APGA. Shinkafi had while declaring his intention to contest for the chairmanship of the ruling party challenged Yari to present his membership card. He claimed Yari was no longer a member of the APC because he didn’t participate in the recent revalidation and registration exercise of the party. But Yari while reacting in a statement issued Thursday by his Chief of Staff, Mr. Abdullahi Tsare said he is a registered member of the APC with his membership card obtained by him. Yari called on the Mai Mala-Buni led committee to be more circumspect in its dealings. ”The committee should not allow the likes of Shinkafi to come to the party National Headquarters to make noise, knowing full well that he was an unserious person considering his antecedents in APGA”. “There was never a time Abdulaziz was a friend to this errand boy of some disgruntled elements. Therefore, his paymasters should come out so that His Excellency can face them one on one. “We urge the public to ignore a chanting of an errand boy who will stop at nothing than to cause confusion in the public, simply to mislead the teaming Supporters of His Excellency Abdulaziz Yari, and to further attract large sums from his paymasters. He is not serious in the race of being the National Chairman of our great party APC.” Yari noted that Shinkafi was in APGA throughout the 16 years period of PDP rule; adding that for that period, he caused a lot of trouble, saying APGA as a party was in a better position to give a detailed account of what Shinkafi represents. He called on the party and general public to disregard any ‘noise maker’ claiming to be an aspirant under APC. ”If not, why should anybody explain to the public that someone who was a Governor did not have a membership registration of the party he worked so tirelessly to form and during that period, Shinkafi was in APGA. It was when Matawalle defected that Sani cross carpeted to join his paymasters.