Bauchi and Gombe States have appealed to the Federal Government and President Muhammadu Buhari, in particular, to pressurise the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) Limited to begin oil and gas exploration in the two states in particular and the entire Gongola basin generally. The appeal was made by the Chairman, Association of Local Government in Nigeria (ALGON) in Bauchi State, Yusuf Garba Alkaleri and Barrister Abdulahi Mohammed Inuwa from Gombe State in separate interviews with journalists in Bauchi on Monday. The Bauchi ALGON Chairman, who doubles as Chairman, Alkaleri Local Government Area of the state, submitted that exploration for oil and gas in the state, especially in his local government area, would not only boost economic activities but also create jobs for the states in the north-east zone. According to him, the exploration would also ensure that the state joins oil producing states in Nigeria. “With the discovery of oil and gas in Bauchi State and in the whole of Gongola Basin, we are grateful to God and to President Muhammadu Buhari and Bauchi State governor for their support to ensure the discovery of oil in our areas. “We seek to get the support of the Federal Government so that pressure will be mounted on the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) to see to the fact that the exploration of the oil and gas deposit that is available in Bauchi and in fact, the wider Gongola Basin is encouraged so that economic activities will be triggered, our people will have jobs and Bauchi will join the league of oil producing states,” the LG boss said. He submitted that though certain procedures needed to be followed, it would be good if the government hastened the exploration since oil was discovered in commercial quantities in the state. He said that, “we need to start selling the oil to boost economic activities and create more employment opportunities for our youths.” He then commended the NNPC for the payment of compensation to the people whose farms and plots of land were affected during search for oil blocks in the area. He further expressed gratitude to the state governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, for the provision of conducive atmosphere and other amenities in the area. “We are grateful to the Bauchi governor who created a conducive atmosphere by citing schools, hospitals and other social amenities needed for the smooth takeoff of the oil business in the area,” the chairman said. Barrister Inuwa, on his part, informed that three oil blocks were discovered in the area and called for acceleration of production in the area in order to boost its economic activities. “Three oil blocks were discovered in the area. We need President Buhari and the Federal Government to build even small modular refineries and start digging the oil in the market in order to boost economic activities,” he said. Inuwa, however, appealed to the NNPC to pay compensation to farms and land owners affected by exploration activities in Gombe State, informing that some farmlands with the crops planted on them were destroyed by heavy duty vehicles used in the course of exploration activities in the areas.