The Osun State Government has said that it will not fold its hands and watch criminal elements unleash terror on innocent and law abiding citizens. It also assured that the recent disturbances in Ilesa, which was caused by a bloody clash between two rival cult groups and land grabbers (omo onile), has been brought under control. The state government also announced that security operatives have moved into the affected communities, where the clash had spread to, in order to ensure that there is no further breakdown of law and order. Making this announcement on Sunday, the Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Mrs Funke Egbemode, in a signed statement, urged residents of Omi-tuntun, Ijoka, Sabo, Ilerin-Ijesa areas and other affected communities to go about their lawful activities without fear. While disclosing that peace has been restored to the communities, Egbemode added that the areas remain under tight security surveillance till further notice. The Information Commissioner, who revealed that those found culpable of disrupting the peace of the state through harassment of innocent citizens or who are in possession of illegal arms would be made to face the consequences of the actions, appealed to parents and guardians to keep close watch on their children and wards. “The appeal became inevitable so that they would not be used to perpetrate criminal activities because when the law catches up with them, they will face the full weight of the law,” she said. “The government is also imploring residents and citizens to always channel their grievances to the appropriate authorities and resist the temptation of taking law into their own hands.” “Osun is a peaceful state, and the government will not condone attempts to jeopardise that peace,” she concluded. DAILY POST had earlier reported a clash between two rival groups and suspected land grabbers which resulted in the death of five persons. Eyewitnesses revealed that the land grabbers had clashed with the cultists who were relatives of a landed property owner. The police have since launched an intensive manhunt for the suspects while some patrol vans of Ijamo and Ayeso Police Divisions in Ilesa were seen patrolling the town to restore peace and order.