Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Federal Government has finally declared bandits as terrorists. The declaration was contained in a gazette proscribing their existence and restraining any person or group of persons from participating in activities of bandit groups. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Senator Margret Chuba Okadigbo as the Board Chairman of the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) Limited, to replace Senator Ifeanyi Ararume, whom he appointed on September 19, 2021. The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, announced the development in a statement on Wednesday. 3. South West Governors have tackled Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, over an encounter between Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State and the police who disobeyed the governor in a viral video. In a statement issued by Rotimi Akeredolu, Chairman of the South West Governors’ Forum, the governors described the action of the policeman as unacceptable. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has ruled out the option of releasing Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Speaking in an interview yesterday, Buhari said he would not interfere with the judiciary. 5. Billionaire businessman, Alhaji Aminu Dantata, says the presidential system of government, which is currently being practised, has failed Nigeria. Dantata said this when he played host to members of the Northern Elders Forum, who paid him a condolence visit over the death of Sani Dangote, Othman Bashir Tofa, among other prominent Kano people who died recently. 6. National Chairman, Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, CECPC, of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC, Governor Mai Mala Buni has reconciled his Gombe State counterpart, Alhaji Mohammed Yahaya with a former governor of the State, Senator Mohammed Goje following crisis rocking the party. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, said whenever he hears the abbreviation “PDP”, what comes to mind is “failure”. The President said this during a special interview aired on national TV on Thursday. 8. Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA) has confirmed that two boats were gutted by fire in the Falomo area of Lagos on Wednesday, just as two crew members were hospitalized following the incident. LASWA General Manager, Damilola Emmanuel, in a statement, said the fire involved two Lagos Ferry (Lagferry) boats, named Lateef Jakande and Mobolaji Johnson. 9. Speakers at a public lecture organized by the management of Corona College of Education have called on the Federal Government to declare a state of emergency in the education sector due to the high level of insecurity in the sector and the attendant negative effects. 10. Two men, Sale Abacha and Malummodu Ibrahim, have been shot dead by soldiers in the Adigbe area of Abeokuta, Ogun State. It was gathered that the soldiers, who were reportedly led by one Lt. Col. Ali, and one Barrister Bashir, invaded the community around 1am last Saturday, a few hours after an argument with a resident.