African Democratic Congress (ADC) presidential aspirant, Kingsley Moghalu, on Wednesday tweeted about the 2023 presidential contest. The former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Deputy Governor said he forgot to inform President Muhammadu Buhari of his intention to run. The post was ostensibly a reaction to State House visits by All Progressives Congress (APC) leader, Bola Tinubu, and Ebonyi Governor, Dave Umahi. The duo, at separate meetings on Monday and Tuesday, told Buhari that they would seek the party’s ticket. “I forgot to inform President @Mbuhari that I am running for President. But I informed Nigerians, of whom he is one, so no wahala!”, Moghalu wrote. The tweet didn’t sit well with some respondents who posted photos of him sharing biscuits to kids, while others joked about it or gave him advice. Lolofirstclass: “Twitter doesn’t win elections. Many of them will be online warriors that day. Send people to start spreading your word from street to street, churches, higher institutions, markets and even viewing centres.” GenesisClothin2: “If you came out during the #Endsars protest to stand with the youths, by now your campaign for done finish but all of una hide una head now una need us.” Desmond Stephen: “You will have to do more advocacy. Most people outside Twitter don’t know you.” Okunola Smart: “First go try and contest for the Federal Hon position to test your popularity and acceptance by your people.” Olatunde Olaleye: “Find your way to the villa with your face mask. Then snap a few pictures with Buhari.” Moghalu joined the ADC in October 2021. The National Chairman, Ralph Nwosu said Nigeria needs “servants and dedicated leaders” like him. Moghalu, one of the Third Force leaders, is a lawyer and political economist. He was the Young Progressives Party (YPP) presidential candidate in 2019. Moghalu served as Special Envoy of the United Nations on Post-COVID Development Finance for Africa. In June 2021, he was elected member of the Board of Directors, Academic Council on the United Nations System (ACUNS). 