The National Association of Ogun State Students (NAOSS) has condemned a faction of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state for endorsing Segun Showunmi as its 2023 governorship candidate. DAILY POST reports that a faction of the Ogun PDP loyal to Semiu Sobayo had on Wednesday gathered in Abeokuta, the state capital, to endorse Showunmi after he declared his 2023 governorship ambition. The faction also adopted former Vice President Atiku Abubakar as its presidential candidate in 2023. The faction rejected the candidacy of Ladi Adebutu, accusing him of pocketing the party in Ogun State. Wednesday’s endorsement of Showunmi by the Sobayo faction signalled another power tussle within the PDP factions in the Gateway State. Reacting, the national leadership of NAOSS, which said it had been giving the political phenomenon in Ogun a strategic follow-up, described the adoption of Showunmi as shocking and embarrassing. The students, who said they are concerned about the political happenings in the state across all parties, queried why the PDP group did not pick from the thousands of potential personalities with good qualifications and a sense of responsibility, instead of Showunmi, the spokesperson of Atiku Abubakar 2019 Presidential Campaign. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Thursday, NAOSS National President, Gbemileke Ogunrombi, alleged that Showunmi has no verifiable academic qualification nor a traceable source of income than making money through sing-praising politicians and their likes. “Yesterday, Wednesday 5th of January 2022, our attention was drawn to a report in the media that the person of Segun Showunmi has been declared the gubernatorial candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun state. “This news came as a shock and an embarrassment to us that as big as our state is and filled with thousands of potential personalities with good qualifications and sense of responsibility, a party as big as the PDP could only come up with an option of a Segun Showunmi who has no verifiable academic qualification nor a traceable source of income than making money through sing praising politicians and their likes,” Ogunrombi said. According to the NAOSS leader, Ogun State is known for her giant stride in the education sector, saying “we can only imagine what the state would be in the hands of a half-educated individual like Segun Showunmi if he ever has his way.” Ogunrombi, who considered the Egba politicians candidacy “as a mockery of our dear state,” challenged the PDP and other parties in the state to come up with candidates with sound educational backgrounds and reputable track records to contest against the incumbent Governor Dapo Abiodun in the 2023 elections.” He added further that, “It is rather unfortunate that after a disgraceful outing by Ladi Adebutu, who has no realistic policy agenda than sharing of the embezzled fund at the last election, the party could only resort to a talkative and social beggar as the next option. “As 2023 general elections are approaching, our hopes are high as we are expecting an intellectual and issues-based campaign as this can only be gotten if credible personalities are presented as candidates by the registered parties.”