Owning a business can be a lifetime dream that only a few entrepreneurs dare to achieve. However, starting a business is just about the easy part. With the right ideas, capital and commitment, most startups will succeed in the first year. Statistics show that two in every five startups stay alive in their first year, while one in every three will break even. For any business to remain successful, it must grow continuously in finance and human capital. Human capital in this context, refers to the quality of employees. People are afraid of working with a startup for three reasons. The first is job security: Prospective employees in the labour market are always lookout for stable companies that can offer them a sense of security which most startups lack. Bad management: Employees complain bitterly about the lack of structure and poor management decisions. There might be a poor schedule of tasks and no chain of command. The CEO usually shares responsibilities on the go without proper discussion and orientation. Incredible expectations: There’s also the case of unrealistic budgets and deadlines. People working in startup companies complain of being given impromptu targets and deadlines without considering the actual time and resources required to meet the desired target. To attract talents to your startup, you need to build a reputable brand: Google and Microsoft have a never-ending supply of talented applicants knocking on their doors for because they built brands that people want to associate with. As a startup, the focus should be on the employer brand; this means selling your brand name, company mission, and culture to incoming workers. Post a clear job description: You need to get creative with job ads. People who work at startups are not average, so sticking with the outdated and dull style of writing job descriptions will not entice them to apply. You need to ensure that the company culture, key roles, qualifications, requirements and benefits are reasonable, clearly stated and tailored to fit organizational needs. Simplify hiring process: Encourage innovative and unique approaches towards making the hiring process simpler and quicker. Avoid complicated job application processes. For instance, instead of asking applicants to fill out countless online forms, you can provide a simple online form with name, CV and cover letter fields. There are recruitment services designed for startup hiring. You can subscribe to save time and resources. Hire people for their attitude: While screening for the best talents available with the highest qualifications, consider these two things – attitude and values. It’s easier to train someone on skill than fix a culture misfit. More than 80% of workers are dismissed because of culture misfits regardless of talent. In today’s digital landscape, the war for talent is on. Startups that want to gain a competitive human resource advantage must know how to attract the best talents. Read more on https://www.myjobmag.com/