The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has expressed concern over the strike by tricycle operators in Kano State. The party pointedly accused Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of destroying the state’s economy. The riders stopped work on Monday in protest of the government’s directive for payment of N8,000 as fee for permit. Residents have been stranded and are using other alternative means of transportation to get to destinations. In a statement on Wednesday, Shehu Sagagi, PDP Kano Chairman, described the riders as catalysts who cater for 80 per cent of movements within the city. Sagai said the Ganduje administration has failed the masses and done nothing in the transport sector in seven years. “Rather, it truncated the student transportation systems introduced by the government of Engr Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso. “Ganduje and his cohorts have turned the Kano Road Traffic Agency (KAROTA) into a major revenue generating agency instead of being a traffic regulatory agency.” He lamented that hundreds of thousands of the youth are engaged in the business because they need to survive since the authorities neglected them. Sagagi said only a government without a clear economic direction can fight self-employed youths, men and women, at a time the country is dealing with a dwindling economy, insecurity and poverty. The PDP told Ganduje to make peace with the operators, warning that ignoring them could worsen the situation, lead to chaos and disturb peace as many youths are now without means of livelihood. Sagagi lampooned Ganduje and members of his cabinet for keeping mum despite being fully aware of the sufferings faced by Kano people. “Businessmen and women, civil servants, students of both primary, secondary and tertiary schools, people seeking medical attention in various health facilities and visitors are affected. “In these three days of tricycle strike, Kano has lost billions of naira, businesses have suffered and many offices have not been in full operation, while the state government remains reluctant to take any decisive action”, the statement added.