Nigeria’s leading distributed Gas and Power company, Asiko Energy, ceremoniously kickstarted construction of its latest project to make Liquefied Petroleum Gas more accessible to Nigerians. The facility, which is a dual-liquefied gas storage terminal located in Ijora, Lagos State, housing 5000 metric tonne of Propane/LPG storage, and a full containment LNG storage tank, broke ground on construction on the 13th of December 2021. The terminal under construction will boost LPG availability in the country as well as significantly grow the energy sector when completed by being the country’s first dual liquified gas fuel terminal, with the ability to receive, store and distribute LPG, Butane, Propane and LNG.  Speaking at the ceremony, Felix Ekundayo, Managing Director, Asiko Energy, stated that the project “is the culmination of several years of dedication and hard work by our Company. As we commence the construction of our propane/LPG terminal, we are also laying the foundation for a co-located LNG terminal comprising of full containment tank making this the first land-based LNG receiving terminal in Africa.” Mr. Ekundayo went on to thank the Board of Directors of Asiko Energy, shareholders, colleagues, financiers, and supply partner of 15 years and counting, the Nigeria LNG (NLNG) Limited. The facility’s construction is being undertaken by OPTECH Engineering PVT. Ltd. of India as the EPC contractors and supervised by ILF Engineers Nigeria Limited as the project management company (PMC). Cozym Process Systems (pipeline) and AYF Development Limited (Civils) are also contractors involved in this project.   Asiko Energy, which began operations fifteen years ago, first commenced operations under the DLPG (domestic LPG) distribution initiative and subsequently went on to pioneer captive power solutions for commercial and industrial applications (using LPG). The company’s vision has always been to become the ultimate gas and clean energy provider in Nigeria. The company has made numerous investments in the development of LPG infrastructure in Nigeria and has multiple LPG depots across the country as well as a fleet of LPG distribution trucks. Asiko recently signed a contract with the NLNG for the domestic distribution of LNG, making Asiko the only company to be involved with both the domestic LPG and domestic LNG distribution in Nigeria. 