Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo, on Saturday, declared that there is going back on his decision to leave PDP and partisan politics. While addressing the National Chairman of the PDP, Iyorchia Ayu and other stakeholders who visited him in Abeokuta, on Saturday, Obasanjo said he had no intention to return to partisan politics or the PDP. 2. Some aggrieved persons, yesterday, stormed the streets of Gashua, headquarters of Bade Local Government Area of Yobe State, protesting the alleged killing of a truck driver by a soldier. The protesters, who are mainly youths, lit bonfires while heading for Gashua Police Division. 3. In what is clearly a major setback to the Carthage Eagles of Tunisia, key players and the head coach, Mondher Kebaier, will be missing when they take on the Super Eagles at the Roumdje Adjia Stadium, Garoua, Cameroon, on Sunday. Nigeria and Tunisia will meet in round 16 of the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations, on Sunday. 4. Saliu Abdulkadir, the evicted Sarkin Fulani of Oyo State, says the self-acclaimed Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho, must be regretting his role in Igangan eviction by now. Speaking in an interview one year after the incident, Abdulkadir said his only consolation was the fact that he was not killed on the fateful day because the intention was to kill him. 5.The Imo State Police Command, on Saturday, said it has uncovered an operational base camp in a forest at Onicha in Ezinihitte Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State, allegedly belonging to the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. 6. Against the backdrop of the proposed subsidy removal, the Trade Union Congress, TUC, has directed its state chapters to mobilize their members for a nationwide strike if the Federal Government goes ahead to deregulate petroleum products that would lead to subsidy removal. 7. The IPOB has dismissed as unfounded and a lie from the pit of hell that it has drawn the map of Biafra, saying the allegation is being sponsored by it’s enemies. The pro-Biafra group also stated that the allegation is false and intended to set Biafrans against themselves saying that the issue of Biafra map should not generate any heat because Biafrans know themselves. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his administration will crush terrorists in Nigeria. He said residents of Kaduna should be assured of his government’s determination to crush terrorists and criminal gangs operating in the state and in other parts of the Nigeria. 9. Following the alleged killing of a boy by a policeman in Kabba town of Kogi State, an angry mob on Saturday set the old Police barracks ablaze. Yet to be identified Police officer allegedly gunned down the little boy for taking a sachet of water from his car. 10. The abductors of the Bayelsa State Commissioner for Industry, Trade and Investment, Federal Otokito, have contacted the paramount ruler of his community, Otuokpoti, in the Ogbia Local Government Area of the state. One of the kidnappers said the victim would only be freed if his father regained freedom from police custody.