Scores of commuters planning to travel from Ibadan to Lagos state are currently in fear of being kidnapped, DAILY POST reports. Our correspondent gathered that there had been several cases of kidnapping of motorists along the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. It was gathered that the major area where the kidnappers had been abducting motorists plying the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway is a location after Abule Onigaari. DAILY POST gathered that Abule Onigaari is one of the locations situated at the boundary between Oyo and Ogun states. It was learnt that gunmen suspected to be kidnappers, had the penultimate weekend, killed a commercial driver identified as Oluwatosin Aruwajoye. DAILY POST learnt that the kidnappers on Saturday 8th January abducted five passengers, while another person, Ibrahim Tiamiyu, was shot in the thigh. The driver’s corpse was thereafter deposited at Adeoyo State Hospital morgue at Ring Road, Ibadan. DAILY POST learnt that the eight-seater ash coloured Toyota Sienna bus with registration number MUS 493 HH, was heading to Lagos from Ibadan when the kidnappers struck. The kidnappers were said to have suddenly emerged from the bush and started shooting the bus. Our correspondent gathered that the case was reported at Toll Gate Police Division. It was also learnt that an actress, Bimpe Akintunde, and her daughter had also escaped being kidnapped in the same location. DAILY POST gathered that the kidnappers made an attempt to kidnap more people on Sunday (yesterday) at the same location. Our correspondent learnt that the kidnappers, numbering about 10, were shooting at oncoming vehicles from Ibadan in an attempt to kidnap travellers on Sunday.  It was also learnt that the abductors were said to be wearing Army uniform. Our correspondent gathered that an undisclosed number of passengers were allegedly kidnapped at the location on Sunday. One of the victims was later rushed to Fresh FM Ibadan around 8.pm on Sunday to narrate his ordeal. The victim, while speaking during the program entitled “Opeyemi” and anchored by ace gospel musician, Yinka Ayefele, explained that the kidnappers attempted to kidnap him and other commuters. The victim, who alleged that the kidnappers were speaking Fulani language and were in Army uniform, explained that their car was shot severally by the before he managed to escape. The program, which was aired in Yoruba language, was monitored by DAILY POST correspondent on Sunday. Some of the motorists who spoke with DAILY POST said that they are afraid to travel from Ibadan to Lagos state. All efforts made by DAILY POST to get the reaction of the Public Relations Officer of the Oyo State Police Command, Adewale Osifeso, proved to be abortive. Calls put through to his mobile phone were not answered while messages sent to him have not been replied to at the time of filing this report on Monday. But, Oyo state Commandant of Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) also known as Amotekun Corps, Olayinka Olayanju confirmed one of the incidents. Olayanju, in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Monday, confirmed the killing of a driver and abduction of five people which took place on Saturday, 8th January. He however informed DAILY POST that Amotekun and other security agencies have been patrolling the area in order to prevent further attacks of innocent people along the Lagos-Ibadan expressway. He said, “I am aware of the one you said that they killed the driver and kidnapped five people. I am aware of that one, but that is not in Oyo state. “They are saying that Onigaari, but where the thing happened is not Onigaari. They just used Onigaari to describe the area. They have passed Onigaari, they have passed the bridge. “That area is not Oyo state but Ogun state, but the people used Onigaari to describe the place. “I can tell you that since that incident of last weekend happened, we have been having patrol of security agencies in that place”.