The Kaduna State Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev. John Hayab, has confirmed that 120 abducted students of Bethel Baptist High School in Kaduna State have so far been freed. The association said two more Bethel Baptist High School students have been released by the bandits leaving one still in captivity. DAILY POST recalls that in the early hour of July 5, 2021, bandits in their large numbers stormed the school premises located at Maraban Damishi, Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State and kidnapped 121 students. The statement issued by Hayab explained that the abducted students have been regaining their freedom in batches with only a student remaining in captivity. In a related development, the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kaduna State chapter said it received with joy the news of the raid by the police of one of the hideouts of bandits leading to the arrest of two bandits and rescue of nine victims. CAN commended the Kaduna police command for a job well done, saying that this is what residents and citizens of Kaduna have been yearning and praying for. It expressed confidence that the tempo would be sustained till criminals are defeated in the state are completely shown the way away from the state. “This development is good and cheering most especially that it is coming as we begin a new year. CAN Kaduna State also wishes to inform the public that two of our Bethel Baptist High School students have been released by the bandits but one is still in captivity,” the statement explained. It hoped that the sustainable effort by the police may help to bring back the one student and others who are still in captivity back home very soon, saying that these bandits have toyed with the joy and peace of Kaduna people enough and should not be given any space again to torment innocent citizens this new year. CAN said it would continue to pray and support the security men and women, saying that it would continue to tell them the truth when they fail in their duties. CAN appealed to all citizens not to keep to themselves any information that they have which could be useful to the security agencies in their operations, stressing that there is the need to remind people always that security is everyone business.