The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Imo State Chapter, on Thursday, debunked rumours that its chieftain and former governorship aspirant in Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha plans to defect to the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) to pursue his governorship ambition in 2023. The party described the trending online reports as a piece of fake and malicious news syndicated by enemies of Imo State. The PDP said it had not considered a disclaimer necessary over the purported media report but decided to set the records straight to dissuade unscrupulous elements from misinforming the general public. The Imo PDP in a statement by its State Publicity Secretary, Mazi Emenike Nmeregini, forwarded to DAILY POST on Thursday, reminded the enemies of the state that Ihedioha is not known to prostitute between political parties. The party posited that the former governor has remained a consequential leader, consistent major financier, a loyal and dedicated member and leader of the PDP since helping to found it in 1998 The PDP State chapter said, “for emphasis, there is no other truly Democratic party in Nigeria and Imo State in particular, other than the PDP. We are not unaware of the increasing desperation of agents of darkness, who are afraid of the imminent reclaiming of our stolen mandate come 2023. “It is incontrovertible that His Excellency, Rt Hon Emeka Ihedioha (CON), is our brand. And our message ahead of the 2023 general election is celebrated achievements of hr Rebuild Imo administration within the seven months”. The PDP leadership also noted that its past administration laid a solid foundation for the rebuilding process of the state and further maintained that all sectors of the state were receiving attention before the usurpers broke into the government house. “We restored salaries and pensions from 70% to 100% and paid as and when due; effected adequate security of lives and property, began construction on over 33 critical roads across the state; flagged of an audacious agro revolution and youth empowerment; aggressive automated revenue system; autonomous local government administration; implemented the Treasury Single Account; Qualitative free education, aggressive investment drive; transparency”. The Imo leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), further posited that it takes pride in the achievements of the Rebuild Imo administration for which it is being pressured by the people of Imo State across party lines to endeavour to seek their mandate to continue the rebuilding process. The party warned the mischief-makers to desist from spreading fake news, as people of Imo State are wiser and vigilant to the current and other devices of the enemies.