President Muhammadu Buhari has boasted that Nigeria was now self-sufficient in cement production, such that it has also risen to become a net exporter of the product to other neighbouring countries. Buhari also said this wouldn’t have been feasible if his administration was not churning out economic diversification policies that enable entrepreneurs harness resources that are abundant in the country. He made these remarks in Sokoto on Thursday, while inaugurating a new 3 million metric tonnes per annum BUA Cement Sokoto Line 4 factory. The President said he was pleased to identify with the success stories and investments that create employment opportunities for citizens. ”I always remind Nigerians that every region, indeed every State, in Nigeria sits on huge reserves of resources. For example, in this area, Kebbi, Sokoto and Zamfara can boast of rice production, gold and other precious metals development and of course, heavy industries like cement manufacturing. ”As a Government, we introduced policies and mechanisms to support such investments in a legal, ethical and inclusive manner,” the President stated. While giving thumbs up to his administration, Buhari went down memory lane, saying the constitution of the National Food Security Council on Food Security Matters has also led to rice sufficiency in the country, including other staple foods. DAILY POST recalls that Buhari recently launched a rice pyramid in Abuja, as an affirmation of Nigeria’s self-sufficiency in rice production. Speaking further, the President noted that the Presidential Artisanal Gold Mining Development Initiative has helped in no small means to regulate the local artisanal gold mining business, including health and safety implications for mining workers. His words, “We remain prepared to support serious investors to set up businesses that will take advantage of these opportunities through value addition to take advantage of the huge market here, as well as in the greater African region and the world at large.” He also seized the commissioning ceremony to reassure Nigerians that more investments were underway in terms of road and rail construction to ease movement of people, goods and services, including facilitating trade while lowering logistics costs associated with the inefficiencies of bad roads and bridges.