The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has charged security agencies to immediately invite leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for questioning over their alleged connections with terrorists. The National Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Debo Ologunagba in a statement on Tuesday said the party’s demands follow the declaration of the bandits pillaging various parts of the country as terrorists. The party insisted that the security agencies must commence investigation on APC leaders, for allegedly importing terrorist elements into the country as well as condoning their atrocious activities against Nigerians. “Our Party urges the security agencies to investigate the confession by a former top APC member that APC leaders imported terrorist elements as political mercenaries in 2015 to help the APC muscle and rig the elections. “The security agencies should investigate allegations that these terrorists resorted to unleashing violence on our citizens because the APC and its leaders failed to honour their deal to pay the said mercenaries for the heinous ‘services’ they were contracted to provide against the Nigerian people by the APC,” he said. The PDP in the statement alleged that the APC and its leaders have not been forceful in condemning acts of terrorism in the country over the years. “This is in addition to reports of how APC leaders have been funnelling public funds to these terrorist elements under the guise of negotiations. “Moreover, the APC administration has continued to accommodate a self-confessed terrorism apologist in the federal cabinet despite outcry by Nigerians.” He said It said the ruling party has also failed to adequately seek or accept assistance from foreign nations to forcefully track and block sources of funding for terrorism in the country. “This suggests either that the APC government is unable, unwilling and or complicit in the fight against terrorism. “The PDP urges the security agencies to immediately commence investigations to further unravel the activities of the terrorists as well as expose and prosecute APC leaders found culpable.” He said The party called on Nigerians, particularly the victims of acts of terrorism to hold the APC and its leaders directly responsible for their woes, trauma and the bloodletting that have befallen the country.