The political crisis plaguing Mali, a West African Country, saw top officials of the government visiting Nigeria on Thursday to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari. At the meeting held behind closed doors, Buhari assured the Special Envoy from Mali, Col. Assimi Goita, the Transitional President of Mali that the Nigerian government would intervene in its political situation but within the ambits of ECOWAS frameworks. A member of the delegation Col. Abdoulaye Maiga, Mali’s Minister of Territorial Administration and Decentralization, also briefed President Buhari on Conclusions from the National Conference on State-Rebuilding, held in Bamako, December 27-30, 2021. The Nigerian President in his response said nobody could love Mali more than Malians themselves. Buhari went on to counsel the visitors to work within the tenets of ECOWAS, to restore constitutional order to the West African country at the shortest possible time. The Economist Intelligence Unit had rated Mali a “hybrid regime” in 2019. On 18 August 2020, a coup d’état ousted the president and prime minister. While on 25 September 2020, a retired colonel and former defence minister Bah Ndaw was sworn in as Mali’s interim president. “I am pleased you have briefed the ECOWAS Chairman too,’’ said President Buhari. “Nigeria will work within ECOWAS limitations to assist Mali. “Every country has its issues. We fought our own Civil War before, so we may not know the totality of the internal politics of each country. But we will make as much sacrifice as we can for Mali, within ECOWAS requirements.” In his remarks, the Special Envoy said Nigeria deserved commendations for support to his country in terms of bilateral relations, including help rendered to the ECOWAS Mediation Team, led by former President Goodluck Jonathan. He said Mali was eager to return to democracy, insisting that Mali wants to review laws guiding elections, “and professionalize the process.” DAILY POST recalls that Mali is currently embroiled in a political crisis, a situation that has degenerated into social unrest among the citizens and the political actors.