Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State has called on members of the public to control their utterances and actions that are capable of causing division and other security breach in the state and the country at large. The Governor gave the charge in his speech to mark the 2022 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration in Gusau, the state capital. The governor observed that since the country is going through security challenges, people should not allow their negative thoughts to overshadow the general interest of the unity of the country, which is paramount. He stated that in order to carefully guard the unity of our nation, which we won at a greater cost, citizens should abstain from unguarded utterances, divisive actions and comments which could jeopardise the unity and progress of the State and the country as a whole. Matawalle said that even though his administration inherited numerous security challenges, which undermined the state’s economy, especially in industrial activities, trade and investment, education, and agriculture, the state government responded through kinetic and non-kinetic measures to address the situation. The governor expressed happiness that a lot has been accomplished in the state’s internal security operation over the last two years during which some of the hardest-hit and displaced communities were returned home and appealed for all hands to be on deck against attacks on soft targets. He also announced the monthly logistic support, the Zamfara State Government gives to security personnel operating in the state in addition to adequate arrangements made to ensure the welfare of the brave officers who died during internal security operations and to settle outstanding medical bills for those who sustained various degrees of injuries as well as the purchase of security vehicles with gadgets. The governor who assured that the state government will continue to build a useful alliance with neighbouring states, security agencies, and other relevant stakeholders in order to counter the challenges that threaten the state and appealed to the well -to-do persons in the society to continue to support the veterans. The occasion featured the laying of wreaths in honour of the fallen heroes. It was attended by the Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Kabiru Balarabe, Brigade Commander, 1 Brigade, Nigerian Army Gusau, Brig. General Isiyaka Olotunji, Commander 207 Quick Response Group Nigerian, Air Force Gusau, Group Captain Daniel Musa Kolo, Commissioner of Police Zamfara State Command CP Ayuba El-kana, and other senior Government officials.