A Chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Dr Garus Gololo has lamented the alleged high-level mudslinging and fake news which portrayed the APC as lacking the capacity to conduct its national convention. He alleged that the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was behind the fake news and mudslinging as its tactic of waging a psychological war against the ruling party, which unfortunately some forces in the APC fell prey. Dr Gololo, who is also the National Coordinator of a non-governmental Organisation, Northern Conscience 4′ 2023 (NC4’2023) speaking with journalists on Friday in Abuja, said the date for the APC’s convention is settled. He said efforts are being put in place to ensure the sanctity of February 26, noting that talks in some quarters despite the official announcement was the handiwork of opposition political parties who are looking for APC’s downfall at all cost describing the development as unfounded. On the sidelines of President Muhammadu Buhari’s State visit to commission some federal and State government projects in Kaduna State, he argued that the APC-led government could achieve the feat as a result of its focus. Gololo said: “The party is focused on delivering the dividends of democracy to the electorates, and will not allow itself to be derailed by the activities of mudslingers and rumour mongers. “We’re aware that opposition parties especially the PDP, are behind all fake news about the likelihood of the postponement of the convention. We’re not moved by such pedestrian distraction. We’re committed to our course. And Isha-Allah, we’ll achieve our goal.” He criticised the PDP for underground tactics, adding that “though the PDP was given the chance for 16 years to better Nigeria, it could not commission a single rail line in any part of the country. ”They were busy holding parties in the Villa with most prolific drunks entertaining themselves with wine and women.” Boasting that “President Buhari visited Lagos, Borno, Kaduna, Ebonyi and some other APC controlled states where he commissioned world-class, people-oriented projects,” the NC4’2923 National Coordinator disclosed that the President is set to commission additional projects in more APC states in 2023. ”Records are there for anyone who wishes to, to see how El-Rufai has changed the face of the state. Today, Kaduna unlike anywhere in West Africa has a flyover that trucks, smaller vehicles and even trains, ply. Something the PDP could not do in all her years governing that state.” While also commending the Ebonyi State Governor, Dave Umahi “for his laudable infrastructural projects across the state,” the outspoken APC Chief noted that only the River State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has earned his mark among PDP governors. According to him, “Nigerians are naturally critical and intelligent people and can readily tell the difference between a lame-duck-PDP administration that almost sold the country to the highest bidder, and an APC government that has bettered the country in various ways.”