Ekiti State Police Command has paraded two suspected serial rapists who also specialize in blackmailing their victims. The suspects, according to the spokesperson of the Ekiti State Police Command, ASP Sunday Abutu, were arrested after one of their victims summoned courage and made a formal report to the police. According to the PPRO, “On 18/01/2022, at about 1000hrs, the Command’s JWC of the State CID received a complaint from a 20-year-old lady (name withheld) that one Anthony Oluwatosin Adedokun, 40 years of Ajebamidele Area, Ado-Ekiti but a native of Emure-Ekiti, forcefully had carnal knowledge of her in his apartment alongside one Ayoola Talwo Ayodele, 44 years, a timber contractor of Agric Olope Area, Ado-Ekiti but also a native of Emure-Ekiti. “Police investigation revealed that the victim and Anthony Oluwatosin Adedokun met through the internet (Facebook) and started a relationship sometime in 2021. The suspect, Anthony Oluwatosin Adedokun presented himself to her as a Police Officer who can assist her to join the Nigeria Police Force. “In the process, the victim solicited for financial help of Ten Thousand Naira (#10,000:00) only from Anthony Oluwatosin Adedokun who obliged but insisted that the victim must come to his house in Ado-Ekiti to get the money in cash. “Further investigation revealed that the victim decided to visit Anthony Oluwatosin Adedokun in his house on 17/01/2022 and the suspect decided to take her to the house of Ayoola Taiwo Ayodele where he had carnal knowledge of her against her wish. “Surprisingly, Ayoola Taiwo Ayodele videotaped them and threatened to blackmail the victim if she refused to have sex with him also. Ayoola Taiwo Ayodele went ahead and forcefully had sexual intercourse with her in the same room and on the same bed. “Furthermore, the two suspects forcefully booked an appointment with the victim to come back on 21/01/2022 for another round of sex or risk sending her sex video to the internet for the world to see.” Abutu noted that during interrogation, the suspects confessed committing the crime and other similar crimes. He said the suspects would be charged to court as soon as possible for prosecution.