Joint Mobile Sanitation Agency of Nigeria (JOMSAN) has decried multiple taxations and blocking of federal roads by miscreants collecting purported government revenue. The national body on Sunday urged federal, state and local governments and security agencies to stop the illegality. JOMSAN President, Dr Nnamdi Ogbogbo made the appeal in Abuja at the unveiling of the Association of Local Governments of Nigeria (ALGON) 2022 Seal. Ogbogbo said for the country’s ease of doing business rank to improve, the government must create an enabling environment for investors, entrepreneurs and traders. He stated that hooliganism associated with collecting revenue has negatively impacted Nigeria’s image and urged citizens to join the condemnation. “This occasion is to unveil ALGON Seal for 2022 and carry out the National Assembly directive to ALGON/NULGE as regards the menace of multiple taxations, caused by the unwarranted and unlawful blocking of our highways by all and sundry in the name of government revenue,” Ogbogbo said. “Government should reduce taxation on companies, boost electricity, an important commodity because without electricity how would companies function effectively, and also improve on our transportation systems.” JOMSAN warned that without the necessary prerequisite, Nigeria’s ease of doing business rank would remain in the same range. Ogbogbo charged Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN), Bank of Industry (BoI), Nigerian Association of Small and Medium Enterprises (NASME), Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA), Nigerian Employers Consultative Association (NECA), Nigerian Economic Summit Group, National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Standards Organization of Nigeria (SON) and the private sector to intervene. The President told the government at all levels, Nigeria Police, Department of State Services (DSS), Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) to start a full war against multiple taxations to restore “sanity to our roads”. “The practice of stopping vehicles in order to sell unapproved and fake clearance certificates will henceforth be a thing of the past. The use of unauthorized associations to certify local government permits must also come to an end.” Ogbogbo promised to prioritise JOMSAN members’ welfare. He advised them to always approach clients with civility as anyone who flouts the directive will face serious sanctions.