Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Boko Haram fighters have been killed in Maina-Hari, Biu Local Government Area of Borno State. A security source revealed that troops of Operations Hadin Kai gunned down the insurgents who attempted to attack the largest town in the Southern part of Borno, on Saturday. 2. Billionaire businessman, Obinna Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, yesterday, opened up on his encounter with NDLEA. In a live Instagram chat, Obi Cubana described his ordeal as part of the challenges of life. He said he was not moved by his invitation as he was cocksure nothing would be found against him. 3. Informants are posing a great challenge to the efforts to rid Kaduna State of banditry, Governor Nasir El-Rufai, had said. He made the assertion at the Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration in Kaduna on Saturday. 4. Widows of officers and men of the Nigeria Army have demanded payment of their life insurance to enable them take care of their children. The widows, who stormed the venue of the celebration of the Armed Forces Remembrance Day in Minna, Niger State, on Saturday, said they had been neglected by the government. 5. The Commandant General of the Nigeria, Security and Civil Defence Corps, Ahmed Audi, has expressed shock and dismay over the allegations levelled against the anti-vandal unit of Rivers State Command of the Corps by Governor Nyesom Wike.
The CG ordered the suspension of the head of the anti-vandal team and the disbandment of the unit. 6. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has said there will be no sit-at-home across the Southeast on Wednesday and Thursday next week. IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, limited the sit-at-home order to Tuesday when Kanu will appear before Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court. 7. The Nigerian Alliance, a non-governmental and civil society group, has said it will be a shame on President Muhammadu Buhari if he fails to cause any reform to the electoral process during his regime. This is just as the group urged Nigerians to vie for elective public offices in the 2023 general elections, using crowdfunding. 8. No fewer than five persons were killed during a fresh crisis between farmers and herdsmen in Imeko-Afon local government area of Ogun State yesterday. It was gathered that Fulani herdsmen and some Ohori farmers had engaged one another in a clash at Idofa village, leading to loss of lives and properties worth millions of Naira. 9. Governor of Oyo State, ‘Seyi Makinde, has wished the former Governor of Lagos State, Bola Tinubu, well in his quest to become the president of Nigeria. While wishing Tinubu well, the governor noted that he wants the best for Nigeria. 10. Women in their hundreds protested half-naked against the spate of insecurity across four council areas of Ondo State. The peaceful protests were staged in four out of the six council areas in the Northern senatorial districts in the state.