The Nigeria Police Force on Thursday said it has invited candidates who successfully completed their online recruitment registration in the ongoing 2021 recruitment exercise into the force for physical and credential screening. It also stated that it has received 135,027 online registration of applicants. This was contained in a statement by Force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba. According to him, the screening exercise, which is being conducted in conjunction with the Police Service Commission, is scheduled to hold at designated venues in states across the federation and the Federal Capital Territory from February 1 to 20 from 8 am daily. The statement titled, ‘Ongoing 2021 Recruitment Of Police Constables: Physical And Credential Screening’, further advised all applicants to proceed to their respective states of origin and appear at the various screening centres in their clean white T-shirts and shorts with all applicants’ documents neatly arranged in two white flat files with recent passport photographs attached. Other requirements include National Identity Number, original and duplicate copies of credentials – O’ Level Result(s), certificate of origin and birth certificate/declaration of age, a printout of application submission confirmation/profile page; and duly completed guarantor’s form. It warned that any candidate who fails to present the above, will not be considered for screening. Applicants were equally advised to pay attention to detailed and specific guidelines on the screening exercise for each state, particularly, the location of screening and dates of screening per local government area, which will be announced by the Police Public Relations Officers in the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory. According to the statement, the Inspector General of Police, Usman Baba, assured the applicants that the statutory entry requirements into the Force as clearly stated in the Police Act and Regulations, would be followed. He commended the satisfactory increase in the number and geographic spread of the applications, particularly in the southeast and south-south regions of the country following the extension of the registration exercise, adding that a total of 135,027 valid applications were received in the online registration exercise.