Governors elected on the All Progressives Congress (APC) platform will meet on Sunday to discuss the party’s national convention ahead of 2023. Plateau Governor, Simon Lalong made the disclosure on Friday after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. Lalong told reporters that the crisis in the party would be resolved, assuring that the convention will hold despite doubts. The Northern Governors Forum Chairman confirmed deliberating the event with the Nigerian leader. Lalong revealed that Buhari raised fears over the convention but remains committed to the scheduled date. “When a convention is coming, there are fears here and there. Some people will tell you it will work, it will not work. “There is already a notice that all the governors are meeting on Sunday. By Sunday, we will tell you when we’re doing the convention. “We said we’re going to do it in February and we are still working for the convention, except things change from another angle. “These are things that the President was raising his fears about, but we’ve given him assurances that nothing will stop us from having a peaceful election.” Lalong said since the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and others accomplished theirs, the APC will carry out its own successfully. He dismissed concerns about threats of legal actions, noting that some court proceedings have been settled out of court. The governor added that the party must not wait to resolve all court processes before the convention as machinery for resolution afterwards are in place. One of the vocal voices against the postponement is Salihu Lukman, Director-General, APC Governors Forum. In a letter to the Chairman and Kebbi Governor, Atiku Bagudu, he warned that any attempt to tamper with the date means gambling with the party’s future. The memo which was copied Buhari, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, APC leader, Bola Tinubu and others, accused Caretaker Chairman, Governor Mai Buni, of trying to shift the convention. Lukman informed Bagudu that some members of the CECPC are alleging that they are only shadow Caretaker, the actual members are Governors. “Once things go wrong with the party, the Governors and especially the leadership of the Forum will be damaged politically. “More worrisome is the fact that we would have all succeeded, both leaders and members, to have contributed to damaging the political credentials of President Muhammadu Buhari beyond.” Lukman said if the February 5 gathering will take place, a letter of notice must get to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) by January 15. The DG advised Buni and the CECPC to “honourably resign” because they do not appear ready and willing to organize the convention.