Nigerians have reacted to the commissioning of a gutter project by the lawmaker representing Ifo/Ewekoro Federal Constituency at the House of Representatives, Ibrahim Isiaka. The construction of 3km trapezoidal drainage system in Ifo through the ecological fund, was inaugurated by Isiaka amidst pomp and pageantry, drawing the irk of Nigerians As photos of the event surfaced on social media, many condemned in its entirety, the ‘glamour’ attached to what they said individuals can handle in most communities. In his comment, Jonathan Olajide, said, “I saw some photos on the Facebook, showing the House of Reps member representing Ifo/Ewekoro, Ayokunle Isiaka, throwing a big party to mark the “commissioning” of a gutter project built with Ecological Fund. The drainage spans some miles in Ifo town.  “The construction lasted for over three years. I asked myself: What is this I’m seeing in the photos? Gutter project Inauguration. Wow. I’ve never seen that in my whole life. Even the Khaki men never descended so low to “commission” gutter. I saw hundreds of people under canopies hailing Isiaka for inaugurating gutter, a kind that landlords are donating in their flood-stricken communities. “I found it debasing, nauseating and archaic that a highly educated politician like Isiaka is “commissioning” a gutter in this 21st Century and youths are there saying: Baba k’epe! We know that at a time like this when a general poll is approaching, politicians will scamper to make negligible donations to their constituents with the ulterior selfish interest to curry their favour again. Affliction shall not rise again. Arise Nigeria.” Bankole Taiwo in his reaction said, “In Nigeria, we’re more interested in the showmanship aspect of things rather than just getting the job done and moving on to the next one.  “To be honest, however, little blame should blame go to this man if we consider the amount of money that would have been spent when Mr Buhari and other governors came to Ogun State to inaugurate supposed “Landmark” projects!” Also, Adeosun Sabur described the show around the project as “useless and rubbish from our leaders,” saying “how can someone commission gutter, Ogun State, we don enter one chance.” Other commentators also aired their disbelief and anger over the project. ”Akintunde Olanrewaju: Gutter is now something we will be celebrating in this country? Ogun State in trouble.”  Adebowale Joseph: “This is 2022, these people think we are dumb. These people travel abroad, they see how development is fast growing over there. But when it reaches our own, they do shit there. God will judge you guys.” Shonde Rasaki: “Don’t let us blame him, he followed the step of the failure Governor.” Yinka Popoola: “Disgrace of the highest order, commissioning of gutter in this century. Why are we like this, and people will still gather to cheer their visionless leaders.” Ade Scent: “Drainage/gutter wey people dey do for their street, e reach your turn you carry advert of commission. Hello Honorable, Hell’o’… Hellfire straight.” Ojugbele Samuel: “I’m tired of this people, oh Lord of a new country, please locate me.” Benjamin Ibrahim: “Is this what a rep can do for his constituent and you people are proud of him? How did we get here?”  Kaylord Accolade: “This is absolute rubbish, commissioning drainage? God, who did we offend in this country that all these politicians are just taking us for fools? Imagine!” Adesina Monsurat: “They are commissioning gutter? Their shame dey shame person.” Dipo Mebz: “Most of these politicians can’t operate a laptop, they’re analogue thinking individuals, Imagine commissioning a canal. Has Nigeria turned to Malawi?”