Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved contracts worth N64,686,536,230 for the construction of roads and bridges in various parts of the country, including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, made this known on Wednesday. 2. The Federal Government has proposed a budget of N3tn to meet the funding provisions of the incremental fuel subsidy request in the 2022 budget. This was announced on Wednesday by the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajiya Zainab Ahmed, while addressing State House reporters after the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. 3. The Senior Special Assistant (to the President on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, yesterday, expressed optimism that President Muhammadu Buhari will hand over to another government of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) IN 2023. 4. Moves by the Senate to empower the Federal Government to seize assets from individuals acquired through corruption got a boost yesterday as a bill to that effect has scaled second reading. It is a bill seeking to give the federal government enabling powers to seize and confiscate assets acquired by corrupt public officers, money launderers and criminals involved in terrorist financing and other crimes . 5. In a continuous effort to improve security in the country, the Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Faruk Yahaya, on Wednesday, paid a courtesy visit to the Governor of Kano State, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje and the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero. He expressed appreciation of the Nigerian Army to the Government and people of Kano state for their support to NA formations and Units in Kano state, particularly, NABFC in Falgore forest. 6. Pandemonium broke out at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja on Wednesday when passengers staged a protest after Dana Airline delayed their flight for seven hours. The protesting passengers complained that they were not informed about the delay until they began to register their grievances. 7. Some delegates of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Wednesday, engaged in a physical combat during their 2022 governorship primary election in Ekiti State. The delegates were protesting over irregularities in the list presented. 8. Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has hinted at running for the Presidency in 2023. In a post yesterday, the former governor of Kwara State urged Nigerians to work with him as he pushes for the presidency. 9. Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has, ahead of the 2023 general election, lifted the ban on governorship aspirants in the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, from embarking on consultation and political activities in the state. 10. The Chicago State University says the All Progressives Congress stalwart and presidential hopeful, Bola Tinubu, indeed attended the university. Beverly Poindexter, who is in charge of official transcript requests, enrolment and degree verification at the Office of the Registrar, CSU, said this in a terse email response yesterday.