The Kaduna State Government on Tuesday, confirmed that suspected bandits attacked Kaduna communities, killed 17 persons, injured five and rustled several cows belonging to Fulani herders in separate attacks in the state. This was disclosed in a statement on Tuesday by the state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan. According to him, security forces have reported to the Kaduna State Government that nine persons have been killed, five injured and hundreds of animals rustled by bandits during three separate attacks across Igabi and Zaria Local Government Areas of the state. He added that bandits also attacked Kudu da Gari settlement in Sabon Birni, Igabi LGA and killed seven residents. The statement listed the names of deceased as; Dahiru Bilya, Jibrin Bilya, Dayyabu Adamu, Bashir Habibu, Jabir Shuaibu, Buhari Habibu and Abubakar Habibu. He said four others were left critically injured and were rushed to a medical facility for treatment. He identified those injured as; Audi Mohammad, Mubarak Ilya, Balarabe Junaidu and Umar Bilya. According to him, in another incident, bandits invaded a herders’ settlement called Ruggar Goshe, on the outskirts of Kangimin Sarki village, Rigachikun, Igabi LGA and killed Auwal Koshe and then rustled about 250 goats and sheep from the settlement. He added that bandits attacked another herders’ settlement at Filin Idin Barebare, Zaria LGA, where they killed one Abubakar Mohammad, while one Abubakar Aliyu sustained gunshot injuries and is receiving medical attention. He said after the killing of one victim, bandits rustled an unspecified number of cattle from the settlement. He further added that troops again, reported that two bandits were neutralized around the outskirts of Tumbau village, Kerawa, Igabi LGA, adding that the bandits were retreated to the Malul forest when they were intercepted by the troops, just as two of them were neutralized in the ensuing firefight, with an AK-47 rifle recovered. According to him, Governor Nasiru El-rufai while expressing his grief at the reports of the attacks, prayed for the repose of the souls of the citizens who lost their lives, and sent his deepest condolences to their families and wished the injured a speedy recovery. The state further added that the governor commended the troops for their alertness and swift response during the engagement which saw two bandits neutralized. He noted that patrols and monitoring have been sustained by security agencies in the general areas.