Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has said the Ibadan traditional institution must return to its original base. Makinde made this disclosure when he visited the Popoyemoja palace of the immediate past Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji. The monarch joined his ancestors on Sunday, 2nd January 2022 at the age of 93. DAILY POST reported that the question of who becomes the next Olubadan was raised among stakeholders Olubadan stool: Do not install Lekan Balogun, he has already been crowned Oba – Lawyer petitions Makinde  However, High Chief Lekan Balogun and other chiefs who were supposed to ascend the throne had been crowned an Oba during the administration of former Governor, Abiola Ajimobi in 2017. The elevation of the High Chiefs was challenged by Ladoja and the then Olubadan, Oba Adetunji. Makinde has, however, warned that the Ibadan traditional institution must revert to its original concept. He said that he will only support what the departed Olubadan stood for. Makinde assured indigenes and lovers of Ibadan that his administration will only carry out what the late Olubadan stood for. He added that he would “do what is right to preserve the integrity and sanctity of the traditional institution of Ibadan land.” Makinde said, “I have heard enough on the controversy surrounding who or who is not next to be installed as Olubadan of Ibadanland and other narratives around the matter. “So, let me state it clearly that Ibadan traditional institution must revert to its original concept. This must be the last time there will be controversy on who succeeds the Olubadan of Ibadanland. “As a government, I am giving assurance to indigenes and lovers of Ibadan that what Baba stood for is what I will carry through. So, whoever wants should key into it or not. We must do what is right to preserve the integrity and sanctity of the traditional institution of Ibadan land. “At the event, I also said that the issue of kingship in Ibadan is clear. I don’t want us to feel sad because I know Baba has gone to rest. Instead, let us thank God. “Power is not something that is easy to manage but Baba looked at power in the face and spoke the truth to power concerning the issue of the traditional institution in Ibadan.”