Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, on Sunday, lambasted some politicians inciting youths in the state to perpetrate violence and attack on traditional rulers. According to the governor, instead of heating up the political atmosphere of the state, such politicians should intensify efforts at fostering unity and peace among the people. Governor Mohammed stated these at the official presentation of N7 million cheques as take-off grants to some selected facilities and schools by the member representing Darazo/Ganjuwa Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Honourable Mansur Manu Soro, held at the Bauchi State University, Yuli campus. While calling for unity among the political class in the state, Mohammed urged them to set aside party differences with a view to working for the development of the state. According to the governor, his administration was ready to work with anyone in the state, irrespective of party differences as long as the person had the interest of the state at heart. He informed that despite being from the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC), Hon Soro always consulted him (governor), adding that the lawmaker was in touch with his people. “I am challenging other members of the House of Representatives in the state to do what Mansur Soro is doing, not people who will cause mayhem, instigate our youths and women and stone our royal fathers.” The governor informed that his administration wanted to create a movement hinged on progress, development as well as impacting the wellbeing and the quality of lives of the people of Bauchi State. “We want to create a movement in Bauchi State, a movement that is hinged on progress, development, impacting the wellbeing and the quality of lives of our people. “We took over leadership with a very deplorable condition of service, especially in the public service. Salaries were hardly paid, pensions were hardly paid. Our primary schools were all blown off, our primary healthcare centres were bad. Even our traditional institutions were left to wallow in want and poverty,” he said.