Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Alhaji Aliko Dangote, President of Dangote Group, Sunday, said the Dangote Refinery and Fertiliser projects will come on stream before the end of the third quarter of this year. He said this when Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, President of the African Development Bank (AfDB) led a delegation of the bank to the project site in Lagos. 2. The new interim management of the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) has sacked at least 17 General Managers (GMs) in what appears to be a major reform after it took over a month ago. The company has been in a pronounced management crisis since November when the staff went on strike over non-payment of their entitlements and allowances. 3. Tunisia knocked out Nigeria from the round of 16 stage of the African Cup of Nations (AFCON) tournament in Cameroon following a shock 1-0 victory thanks to a Youseff Msakni goal at the Roumde Adjia stadium in Garoua on Sunday. 4. A Federal High Court, sitting in Port-Harcourt, Rivers State, has struck out a suit challenging the competence of the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressives Congress, APC. The Court held that the action was non-justiciable and incurably incompetent. 5. The ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, may be in for crisis as one of the founding fathers of the party and the immediate-past Secretary to the State Government, SSG, Dr. Eme Okoro, has lambasted the State Chairman, Rt. Hon. Asiforo Okere for ” aborting a planned visit by Abia North stakeholders of the party”. 6. A food market near the Federal Polytechnic, Oko, Orumba North Local Government Area of Anambra State has been razed by fire. Items worth millions of naira were destroyed in the market as a result of the fire. 7. Two persons have been killed by suspected herders in Igama community, in Ojugo ward of the Okpokwu Local government Area of Benue State. A resident said the suspects had continued to invade communities in the area in the last two weeks. 8. At least one person was reportedly killed in Akaeze, Ivo local government area of Ebonyi on Sunday following a protest in the area by the youths. The youths were protesting the alleged torture and killing of one Nnaogo Anyim by operatives of Ebubeagu security outfit in the local government area. 9. Delta State Governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa, has counselled aspirants in other political parties in the state interested in elective office, not to waste their time and money, saying PDP will win the 2023 election by a landslide. He assured PDP members in the state of free, fair and transparent primary elections ahead of 2023 general elections. 10. A businessman, identified simply as Uchechukwu, aka Alloy Omo Jesu, is on the run after allegedly torturing his 11-year-old apprentice to death in the Ogba area of Lagos State. It was gathered that the apprentice, Sunday, was accused of stealing N1,000 when Uchechukwu, who was bent on making him confess to the allegation, descended on him.