Ahead of the 2023 general elections, Journalists in Akwa Ibom State have been advised to uphold the ethics of their profession and not to allow themselves be used by politicians to settle political scores. A communique jointly signed by the chairman of the correspondents chapel, Idongesit Ashameri and the secretary Isaiah Eka respectively, advised journalists to avoid reports that would heat up the political space as the 2023 elections draw close. The chapel also urged politicians across the country to adhere to the electoral law and the dictates of their political parties as they go about their electioneering campaigns. The communique’ issued to members at the end of an enlarged meeting ” urged politicians at both the state and national levels to conduct their political activities in line with the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Electoral Act and Constitution of their respective parties. “To ensure that the forthcoming party primaries and the general elections are devoid of violence, bloodshed and unnecessary rancour, that would disrupt the peace that the state currently enjoys. “The Chapel urged members and all journalists in the state and across the country to strictly adhere to the ethics of the profession, as political activities gather momentum for the 2023 General elections. “That journalists should not allow themselves to be used by political office holders/seekers as instruments to settle political scores.” The union also charged the state government to focus on the revitalization of the Primary Healthcare system to check the deplorable conditions of many Primary Health Centres PHCs in the state and truly offer free health services to pregnant and nursing mothers, as well as children under five years ago. The union also called on contractors handling road projects in Akwa Ibom State to increase the pace of the work on their assigned projects before the rains start. It added, “The Chapel calls on contractors handling road projects in the state to adhere to the directives of the Commissioner for Works that they have been massively mobilised and should move to the site during this dry season, as we do not know how long the dry season will last. “That they should also accelerate their activities to ensure all the roads currently under construction are completed for inauguration before the end of this administration and calls for closer supervision of all ongoing projects to ensure quality projects and timely completion.”