A civil servant in Osun State, Akinyeye Oyelakin has appealed to the state government to reinstate him after he was erroneously dismissed from service over an alleged fake result. On September 16, 2019, 51-year-old Oyelakin, a Pharmacist and a level 15 senior officer working with the Osun State government was sacked, three months after he was removed from the state’s payroll. The father of three was dismissed after a recommendation from a Certificate Review Committee headed by the Secretary to the State Government, Prince Wole Oyebamiji, for gross misconduct against Public Service Rules. Oyelakin was an Assistant Director, Pharmacy at the Local Government Service Commission with Staff ID No. 9425 before his dismissal. He was dismissed for allegedly submitting a fake West Africa Examination Council, WAEC result while applying for a job with the state government. Oyelakin was then sacked alongside 422 other civil servants from public service on September 19, 2019, by the Osun State government. But Oyelakin has denied all allegations of result forgery, claiming he secured a Bachelor of Pharmacy in Obafemi Awolowo University in 2000. To prove his innocence, Oyelakin approached the West African Examination Council to intervene in his ordeal, WAEC, thereafter, on October 30, 2019, mailed his statement of result to the office of Governor Oyetola, DAILY POST can confirm. WAEC in the statement of result asserted that Oyelakin sat for Nov/Dec 1988 exam with index number 19647/052. Following WAEC’s clearance, the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria and Oyelakin filed for an appeal against the dismissal but the state government appears to be adamant in its decision. A letter sent to the office of the Governor by the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, Osun State Branch, titled: Letter of Appeal for the Re-Instatement of Pharm Akinyeye, Busayo Oyelakin begged the Governor to reinstate the pharmacist. Speaking to DAILY POST on his ordeal since, after the sack, Oyelakin said his salary was stopped in June 2019 and that his life has not been the same. He told our reporter that he had sold his car and other properties at ridiculous prices to feed his family. Oyelakin claims he was placed on antihypertensive drugs in January 2020 on the doctor’s advice due to depression while his marriage is being threatened by his present condition. “My salary was stopped in June 2019, since then, I started moving from one office to the other to know the reason for the stoppage of my salary. I was able to get the reason in the Ministry of Finance where I was told I used fake WAEC results. In the ministry of finance, I was directed to the Ministry of Human Resources and Capacity Building, where I was able to convince them. “I was told that the committee’s report was already on the table of his excellency, Governor Oyetola, that they cannot retrieve it to make corrections. I was told to wait till the Governor approval and then appeal. “My life is not the same again. I wrote several letters of appeal to the Permanent Secretaries, Ministry of Finance; Ministry of Human Resources and Capacity Building, Head of Service, SSG, Prince Wole Oyebamiji, who happened to be the chairman of the committee. I also wrote a letter to the Governor seeking his attention on the matter, all the efforts proved abortive. “I have exhausted all my savings on printing and photocopying of documents, transportation fares in this struggle.
I sold my properties to keep going. I sold my only car and almost all my household appliances, TV, generator, deep freezer etc. to keep ends meet. I sold all these at ridiculous prices. I am unable to pay my children school fees. Presently I am living on the sympathy of friends and relatives. He has appealed to Governor Oyetola to look into his case and allow justice prevail. “Please look into my case and reinstate me back to my post because I know right from the inception of this administration in Osun that Gov. Oyetola is a man of uprightness,” he said. However, efforts to get a reaction from the SSG, Prince Oyebamiji has proven abortive as his media aide who promised a reaction to the claims is not forthcoming. Meanwhile, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Ismail Omipidan, up till the time of filing this report is yet to revert to inquiries on the matter by DAILY POST