Ogun State House of Assembly through its Committee on Public Accounts and Anti-corruption has summoned some officials of the 20 local governments in the State over alleged financial infractions. The Assembly called on the Permanent Secretary, Local Government Service Commission to formally communicate its summons to all the officials involved in the various financial infractions on the audit reports of the local government councils in the state. The Chairman of the Committee, Musefiu Lamidi issued the directive while concluding consideration on the 2014-2019 audit reports of the 20 Local Government Councils. Lamidi said the concerned officials were to provide further clarifications on the record books of the affected councils before the State lawmakers. This was just as the Committee reaffirmed its invitation to all Heads of Local Government Administration (HOLGAs), Treasurers and Directors, General Services and Administrations as well as Internal Auditors in all the councils for an interactive session on February 16, 2022. The Committee equally summoned one retired Mrs. F.O Odebiyi and a former Chairman of the defunct Sagamu South LCDA, Hassan Olugbenga to appear for further explanation on the financial infractions committed while in office as specified in the audit queries before the lawmakers on Thursday. The Chairman in the company of the Deputy Speaker, Akeem Balogun, Abdul Bashir Oladunjoye, Kunle Sobukanla, Bolanle Ajayi, Ganiyu Oyedeji, Amosun Yusuf and Adams Olusola said the committee had discovered the trend of illicit practices perpetrated by some officials including non-attachment of supporting documents to payment vouchers and the use of unqualified officials as conduit pipes to siphon council funds. Others included nugatory payments, improper signing of payment vouchers and self procurements by some council chairmen amongst others which were against financial regulations. In his remarks, the Auditor General for Local Government, Lamidi Mulero lauded the lawmakers for ensuring a thorough examination of the six years audit reports, stating that the exercise was conducted in good faith with transparency and a high level of fairness. He admonished the auditees to desist from sharp practices as the office under his watch would step up measures towards curbing the mismanagement of government resources.