The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Ondo State chapter has revealed that action has began towards petitioning the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, over alleged looting of the State by Governor Oluwarotimi and his family. While revealing the eight proxy companies allegedly used by Akeredolu’s family, particularly his wife, Betty and his son, Babajide, the PDP maintained that the governor’s family had been using the companies to get contracts in the state. The Publicity Secretary of PDP in the State disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday while revealing the companies being used by the first family in the State to allegedly siphon funds from the State coffers. On Sunday, Peretei, had accused Akeredolu of using his wife and children to loot the state through the registration of various companies, stressing that the governor who cannot feign ignorance over the development will soon be chased out of Government House. Following the claim of the PDP, Akeredolu through his Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo, had dared him to publish the companies traced to his family and as well approach the EFCC if the PDP was sure of its claims. In the statement on Wednesday, Peretei listed the companies to include Erudit Limited, Pentabon Limited, Egimka Nigeria Limited, Terrenovo Agro, Claribet Consulting Limited, Limerite Limited, Pentagon Motusi Ltd and Jakovie Energy. According to Peretei, findings showed that the companies were either owned by the governor’s wife or his son with most of the transactions through the account of the companies emanating from them. “For those who think we are peddling “beer parlour” rumours, it is better to wake up from your slumber to join the rest of us to rescue and rebuild Ondo State. “Take your time to glean through the documents. We are not arm-chair critics. We do our due diligence. As critical stakeholders, we cannot fold our hands and allow this to continue. “As to the request to petition the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the advice is un-necessary as, action is already being taken,” he claimed. The government is yet to react to these latest allegations.