The panel set up to investigate the 21-storey Ikoyi building collapse has submitted its report to the Lagos State government on Wednesday. Recall that Femi Osibona, owner of Fourscore Homes, was one of the 43 persons who died in the collapse on November 1, 2021. Following the incident, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos, had set up the panel to find out the circumstances that led to the 21-storey building collapse. Submitting the report on Wednesday, a town planner, Toyin Ayinde, who chaired the panel, advised governments at all levels to make sure that ethics and due diligence are followed during building constructions. Ayinde said, “Having spent approximately six weeks on this assignment, we now wish to make our submission to the governor of Lagos State who constituted the tribunal. We need to note, however, that building collapse is rooted in the collapse of values, morals and ethics which we need to work on as a nation. “To execute this assignment successfully, the tribunal visited the project site for a general assessment; coordinated the activities of the consultants who conducted tests on the site; received and reviewed documents from relevant MDAs; conducted 35 interview sessions; interrogated a total of 91 persons; requested and received a total of 21 memoranda; and accessed the home of the late CEO of Fourscore Heights Limited, Mr. Olufemi Osibona, with a view to gathering any other useful/relevant information to support the tribunal’s fact-finding mission. “We’re therefore pleased to present to Mr. Governor [Babajide Sanwo-Olu] the report of the inquiry carried out by the tribunal containing the various findings, and the recommendations which we hope the government would be able to implement in order to bring a lasting solution to incidence of building collapse, not only in Lagos, but nationally.” After receiving the report, Sanwo-Olu set up a new committee to work towards implementation of the recommendations of the panel. The committee will be chaired by Tayo Bamgbose-Martins, commissioner for special duties. Other members are Moyosore Onigbanjo, attorney-general of Lagos; Hakeem Muri-Okunola, head of service; and Abisola Olusanya, commissioner for agriculture.