Governor Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger State, also the Chairman, North Central States Governors’ Forum (NCSGF), has lamented the increasing number of out-of-school children occasioned by security challenges ravaging the state and some parts of the country. Bello stated this at the official flag-off of the North Central Zone 2022 National Campaign on Out-of-School Children in Minna. He said it would be difficult to convince parents to release their children or wards to go to school. He noted, “Obviously, anywhere there is insecurity, you don’t expect parents to allow their kids to go to school especially in situations where they are being kidnapped for ransom.” Bello stated that no meaningful development in the educational sector can be achieved, unless the safety of lives and property of the people are guaranteed. He said, “We need to apply more efforts towards addressing issues of security and making our communities safe because, if they are not safe, it will be difficult to convince them to go out to school. “While we make efforts to reduce the number of out-of-school children, we should make more efforts in ensuring that we provide security to protect lives and properties. By so doing, it will allow for a smooth and rapid growth in the educational sector.” In his address, the Minister of State for Education, Mr. Chukwuemeka Nwajuiba, explained that the ministry is interfacing with the Niger State Government to ensure that children are taken out of streets and returned back to school. He said the ministry has reviewed the work so far done by the state in its educational sector in the past seven years, confirming that much progress have been made in school enrollment. The state Commissioner for Education and the Chairman, Niger State Universal Basic Education, Dr. Isah Adamu reiterated the commitment of the state to reducing the number of out-of-school children to ensure a peaceful society. He said with the assistance of northern state governors and other critical stakeholders, the state succeeded in reducing the number of out-of-school children from 513,963 to 298,192. Also, the Director of Basic Education, Dr. Mrs. Olatunji Davis, explained that the programme is the second phase of the several interventions embark upon by the ministry to ensure a standard reduction in the number of out-of-school children in the country. She urged stakeholders in the education sector to contribute their quota by adopting children of school age and supporting their education.