Hundreds of youths have stormed streets of Gashu’a town, the headquarters of Bade local government area of Yobe State to protest the alleged killing of a young truck driver by security operatives. The incident that led to the death of the young man occured in the late hours of Friday at Garin Alkali when the deceased went to a filling station to refuel his truck. It was not clear what prompted the shooting of the young man by the security operatives but the development has in the early hours of Saturday caused a riot with hundreds of youths taking to the streets of Gashu’a town to riot. The youths have blocked in and out of the town to show their anger and frustration and are burning tires. As of the time of filing this report, Yobe State Police Command has kept mum over the incident as the Command’s PPRO couldn’t be reached for comments. But reacting to the development, Yobe State Governor and Chairman APC Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni, has called on Youths in Gashu’a to calm down.

The Governor in a statement through his Spokesperson, Mamman Mohammed has already directed for immediate investigation into the matter for necessary action. Buni described the incident as unfortunate, “especially now that we are recording progress in sustainable peace across the state”. He said the government and the security authorities would not tolerate any act of recklessness capable of disrupting the hard earned peace. “I, therefore, assure you that the government would properly investigate the matter and deal with it decisively. “I, also, appeal to our good people of Bade local government area and the entire state to remain calm and law abiding. “We should avoid anything detrimental to our peace. You are advised to be good Muslims and take it as the will of Allah and avoid bonfires on the roads”, Governor Buni said. “May Allah (SWT) forgive the deceased of his shortcomings, grant him Al Jannatul Firdaus and to his family, the fortitude to bear the loss”, Buni prayed.