The Kibaku (Chibok) Area Development Association (KADA) in Borno State has said a total of 110 out of the 276 girls abducted by Boko Haram in 2014 are still unaccounted for. President of KADA, Dauda Iliya, in a press conference in Abuja on Saturday, explained that out of abducted girls, 57 escaped from the camp of their abductors. He further explained that Chibok has been abandoned by all layers of government in Nigeria. He stated, “Right from late 2012 up to this time, the statistics of the state of damage and destruction of lives and property inflicted on the community presents a worrisome and pathetic picture.” He stated that 72 persons have been killed with over 407 abducted, adding that houses, premises and churches have been burnt with over 20 vehicles stolen and many barns burnt or destroyed. He said that from late 2018 to date, the frequency of attacks and level of destruction have escalated and are alarming. Iliya said that in 2022 alone, Kautikari (the second largest town in the Chibok area) was attacked on January 14 with five girls abducted, three persons killed and many houses and churches burnt. In sustaining their carnage, he explained that Piyemi, another big town in the Chibok area, was attacked on January 20 with 19 persons, mostly girls, abducted and one person, the vigilante leader, beheaded. He explained that they expect their remaining 110 daughters abducted in 2014 and numerous others subsequently abducted at different times to be brought back to them. He appealed to the Federal Government to immediately set up Internally Displaced Persons camps in Chibok town and provide it with a skills acquisition centre so as to avoid imminent hunger.. The association requested the Federal Government to order the deployment of more military personnel and better arms to Chibok to halt the continuous attacks on the community. It also appealed to Governor Babagana Zulum to do more in organizing and helping their people in securing the state in general and Chibok in particular.