A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Toyin Amuzu has warned Nigerians and the people of Ogun State to reject the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) during the 2023 general elections. He said the party deceived Nigerians in 2015. Amuzu urged Nigerians, especially Ogun residents, to fully embrace the PDP as the only platform that could save the masses from the APC, which he said “has little or nothing to offer.” Amuzu stated this in a chat with DAILY POST during the visit of the National Chairman of the Party, Senator Iyorchia Ayu and members of his National Working Committee to Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. According to him, “the PDP is a party to beat in 2023, as members of the party are strategically coming together in unity to rescue the people.” The Asiwaju Leragun of Egbaland described the PDP as a party of justice and rule of law, saying the party belongs to all Nigerians and have people-oriented programmes for all and sundry. His words: “It was unfortunate that the APC deceived the people that they will offer a better change, but today a bag of rice now costs N28,000 against N6,000 in 2015. “It is quite clear that with the high level of poverty, insecurity, economic doldrums, unemployment and other hardships that the ruling party has brought unto Nigerians in recent years, no one will be willing to go through such mess from the year 2023. “We know the ruling APC does not have any regard for the youth. That was why they referred to them as ‘lazy youths’ and dealt with them during the #EndSars protest.” Amuzu added that “the many lies and propaganda used by the APC to get into power have been exposed and the people have realized that APC members only wanted to be in government without clear-cut visions or blueprint to better the people.” He appealed to Ogun residents to register in the on-going voter registration exercise by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to get their voters’ card and be eligible to vote in the 2023 elections.