Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has been advised not to allow sentiments truncate the process of ascension to the Olubadan stool. Yoruba Elders’ Summit (YES), a pressure group in the state gave this advice on Friday. DAILY POST recalls that the Olubadan stool became vacant following the death of Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji. Our correspondent recalls that the monarch who joined his ancestors on Sunday has been buried in line with Islamic rites. The monarch reigned for five years and was buried at his palace located in the Popoyemoja area of Ibadan. Our correspondent recalls that the question of who becomes the next Olubadan has been a subject of discussions and debates in and outside the ancient city. But, YES in its reaction, cautioned Makinde not to allow political expediency becloud his sense of historical justice in the choice of the new Olubadan. The group in a statement signed by the duo of David Adeleke, Protem Chairman and Adekunle Ogundeji, Protem Secretary, warned that any attempt to tinker with the decision of the kingmakers could snowball into a crisis of indiscribable magnitude. The duo in the statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Friday, advised Makinde not to allow primordial sentiments to bastardise a historical excellent system which is adulated the world over. “We want to also advise Governor Makinde, presently hibernating in America, not to allow political expediency becloud his sense of historical justice in the choice of the new Olubadan. “Ibadan is respected, the world over, for having the best succession policy in the choice of new Olubadan. There had never been any wrangling, quarrel or legal gymnastics on who should succeed a dead monarch in Ibadan. “The kingmakers have swiftly taken a decision based on the perfect, flawless and fantastic succession process. All of the 11 Kingmakers, one of whom must emerge, have spoken with one voice, without any dissension on who should be named the next Olubadan. This was done in line with the sacrosanct ascendancy system. “Any attempt to tinker with the decision of the kingmakers could snowball into a crisis of indescribable magnitude”. The group also said it was disturbed that Makinde did not deem it fit to shorten his American trip and come back home to commiserate with the family of the departed monarch. “In our culture, it is expedient to sympathise with the family of the deceased. As an Ibadan man, Governor Makinde is supposed to be the Chief mourner with people all over the country coming to commiserate with the people of Oyo State in general and the people of Ibadan in particular, through condolence visit to the Governor”.