A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State, David Ayodele Asalu has called for an end to the campaign of calumny targeted at Senator Ademola Adeleke. Asalu also said such a campaign is a calculated attempt to weaken the party towards the upcoming gubernatorial primary election in the party and election in the state. Asalu who made the call in a personally signed statement on Thursday noted that those opposed to the candidature of Senator Ademola Adeleke went too far with the outright falsehood and blackmails they have employed in their push to stop him from contesting the party’s primary. Asalu who blamed fifth columnists for the turn of events in the party, called on PDP leaders across board to weigh the price of a fragmented party during the gubernatorial election in the state and speak out against those with a destructive mission. “Those who want our Party (PDP) to fail in the upcoming election are busy spewing falsehoods against Senator Adeleke and igniting a crisis that will make it impossible for us to focus. “This will never benefit anyone except for the marauders who are obviously working for the APC.” The Osun PDP chieftain while enjoining the party’s faithful to support any aspirant of their choice without causing acrimony added that doing otherwise will be a betrayal to the sacrifices of members and multitude of Osun people who daily anticipate the return of a PDP government. He stressed that the upcoming election is not about an individual or the party but about the People of Osun who rely on the PDP to take them out of the miserable conditions that the APC had subjected them to over the years. He called on the five other aspirants in the party to speak out against the needless falsehoods and biles targeted at one of them. “This will convince larger members of the PDP that they do not encourage the shameful attitude of a professional blackmailer. “We have to be careful not to play into the hands of the APC. They want to divide us and the only way to show they did not succeed is if we all reject the message of their agents in our midst, and come together irrespective of our difference,” he stated