Boarding schools in Niger State remain closed several months after they were shut down by the State Government over the incessant attacks by bandits. The incessant raid on many communities, including boarding schools, had forced the State government to shut down 10 out of its 56 existing boarding schools in the State. The worst hit local government areas were Rafi, Shiroro, Munya, among others. Recall that in February, 2021, bandits invaded the Government Science College Kagara, where they kidnapped students, teachers and their relatives who were later rescued. This was then followed by the abduction of 136 pupils of the Salihu Tanko Islamiyya Tegina, Rafi Local Government on 30th May. They were held captive for almost three months before they were released on 27th of August. These developments drew public outcry and while the pupils of the Islamiyya School were still in hostage, the State government, in July, decided to close down some public boarding schools. Students of the affected schools were relocated to safer schools to continue their education. Those given priority in the relocation were the SSS 3 students who were to write their National Council Examination, NECO. Announcing the closure then, the State Commissioner of Education, Hajiya Hannatu Jibrin Salihu, told journalists after the State Executive Council meeting presided over by Governor Abubakar Sani Bello in Minna that the ten boarding schools were considered part of the “high risk” boarding schools likely to be invaded by kidnappers. “After carrying out a security assessment of our schools, we considered some as very ‘high risk’ and this is why we had to close down the schools and relocate the students immediately,” she stated. Six months down the line, the affected schools remain closed, even as bandits continue to unleash terror on communities in various parts of the State. Recently, communities in Mashegu, Rafi and Shiroro Local Government Areas, among others, were invaded, during which many were killed, and others abducted, including children, and farm produce set ablaze Recall that Niger State Governor, Alh. Abubakar Sani Bello on Tuesday revealed when he visited President Muhammad Buhari that between 1st and 17th January, not less than 300 communities have been invaded by bandits in about 50 reported attacks. According to him, within the period, a total of 200 people, including three Chinese nationals working at the Zungeru Hydro Electric Power Dam, as well as about 25 security personnel were killed. However, some parents and stakeholders are reacting to the continuous closure of schools and its multiplier effect and the need for the Government to tackle the incessant attacks by bandits on the State. Some of the parents, who spoke to our correspondent, said closing the schools was the best decision made by the State government. One of the parents, Mamud Abu described the kidnap of the school kids as unfortunate and sad. “The negative effect of insecurity cannot be described. The future of our children is at stake because the activities of these bandits are affecting education in the north. If you have high blood pressure, you can die when you hear that your child has been kidnapped. Only God will help us in this nation,” he stated. According to Angulu Mallam, a father of five, “the closure of the schools has affected us and our children seriously. They suspect anyone that comes around them, making them look like bullies. Some of them are now paranoid. We want the government to come to our aid so that these kids can be properly counselled”. Another parent, Yakubu Mohammed said closing the schools and transferring their children to other safer schools gave him peace of mind. The closure of those schools, according to him, has a multiplier effect on the Staff of the affected schools, as they are no longer going to work, since their schools were closed by the State government. Meanwhile, one of the leaders of the Concerned Shiroro Youth, Sani Abubakar Kokki, speaking to DAILY POST, said insecurity has greatly affected the council in all areas. He explained that the situation had not only affected boarding schools, but day schools, as many parents were now afraid of sending their children/wards to school. According to him,” generally insecurity has affected us in a very negative way in all aspects, be it economically, socially, and politically. The insecurity has restricted our movement, our children can no longer go to school. Our people who are predominantly farmers cannot go to their farms and do their legitimate business.” Mr. Jonathan Vatsa, a former Commissioner for Information and Strategy and former Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the State urged the Governor to intensify efforts in curbing the situation. He noted that closing the schools was a good move and advised against reopening and sending children back there if their security cannot be guaranteed. “You cannot imagine the trauma parents go through when they hear that their children were kidnapped. Like I have always argued, the State Governor should intensify efforts in tackling this situation. “But then, the governors are always told to handle the issue of insecurity, but the question is how can they do it when they don’t have control over the Army and the Police? How can they do their best except Abuja gives the go ahead? “Last week, the President gave orders to the military to flush out the bandits in Niger. The Governor cannot give that order except from the President. The bulk of the issue on security lies with Mr. President because the governors are like toothless bulldogs. They cannot talk to the Commissioner of Police or the Army to do anything without getting the go ahead from Abuja,” Vatsa stated. Speaking on the effect of closing down the schools, the State President, National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools, NAPPS, Mr. Femi Alalade stated that some of the affected students dropped out of school since the parents could not afford to send them to other locations due to financial challenges. He explained that the security situation had also affected many owners of private schools in the State, thereby forcing them to close down. However, efforts to get the reaction of the State Commissioner for Education, Hajiya Hanatu Jibrin on the state of the closed boarding schools and its effect on the State failed as she could not be reached as of the time of filing this report.