Members of Governor Dapo Abiodun’s cabinet who are interested in the 2023 general elections are yet to resign as ordered by the Ogun State helmsman. Gov Abiodun had on December 7, 2021, said appointees nursing political ambition for 2023 should resign from his government on or before January 31, 2021. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, he said the directive had “become expedient to avoid observed distractions and loss of focus in the discharge of their responsibilities.” Abiodun said “those who cannot wait till the appropriate time for 2023 electioneering process should take their leave to pursue their ambitions.” One month after the directive and barely 20 days to the expiration of the January 31 deadline, nobody in Abiodun’s cabinet had summoned the courage to resign for the sake of pursuing 2023 ambition. While some Ogun residents are slightly having the impression that none of the governor’s appointees is running for any political post in 2023, activities going on at the various constituencies of these ambitious government functionaries prove otherwise. Findings by DAILY POST revealed that a number of those eyeing one position or the other have commenced consultations in earnest, planning how to outsmart their perceived opponents to win the ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Aside from social media promotions, some of the appointees mounted billboards in strategic locations during the Yuletide, a subtle way of announcing to the public that they will contest election in 2023. In some local governments, the governor’s cabinet members are ‘at war’ with other top politicians, to the extent of diverting all political benefits to their loyalists. Recently, three APC members were arrested in Ijebu North Local Government over Gov Abiodun’s Christmas rice. Though many of those politicians are yet to declare their ambition, it was gathered that some of them may meet the Governor to inform him of their plans to run for offices, just like Chief Bola Tinubu met President Muhammadu Buhari to declare his ambition on Monday. As gathered, many of the cabinet members, who are loyalists of Lagos Senator Solomon Adeola, believe they would be favoured by the Governor to clinch the ticket of the party. This, DAILY POST reports, is already breeding disaffection among the appointees, their followers and other APC members in the State.