The National President of Nigeria Women Journalists, NAWOJ, Ladi Bala has commended Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State, for withdrawing licenses of private schools operating in the state. She urged other state governments to borrow a leaf from the Kano Governor, describing the license withdrawal as the right step in the right direction. The NAWOJ President made the call when a delegation of female journalists from the 36 states of the federation, including the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, converged on Katsina State for its 2022 National Conference on 27 January, 2022. She said: “I am calling on other state governments to borrow a leaf from what the Kano State Government has done. The swift action by the government is worthy of commendation for withdrawing all the licenses of private schools in Kano for revalidation. This should be the way forward in this country. Not everybody should be given a license to operate a private school.” While commending Governor Aminu Bello Masari for his focus and doggedness in addressing the insecurity situation in Katsina State, she urged the media to strive towards reporting issues in the right perspectives, particularly as it concerns insecurity to avoid instilling undue fears in the minds of Nigerians. According to her, “The perspective of the type of insecurity we are experiencing in the country is not the type that the government alone can handle. It is the type that you and I need to play an active part in keeping ourselves safe. “The only way to address the issues of this country is by ensuring that every citizen of Nigeria is either gainfully employed or has the right skill and is provided the right atmosphere to practice effectively.” Ladi also said that the society will be much safer with more empowered women, noting that “any government focusing on women empowerment is a darling of NAWOJ.” The Katsina Governor, who is the Special Guest of Honour at the occasion, was represented by his wife, Hajiya Hadiza Masari. Hajiya Hadiza, while speaking at the event, said drug abuse is majorly responsible for the insecurity plaguing the country. She called for more aggressive campaigns against its menace in the country.