Amid internal wranglings within the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, there are indications that stakeholders are waiting on President Muhammadu Buhari to decide the fate of the party concerning zoning. Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun gave this indication on Friday after paying a thank you visit to President Buhari for making out time to commission some landmark projects in his state recently. Owing to pressures within the party, the APC has settled for February 2022 to conduct its national convention. DAILY POST gathered that there have been bickering in the party over zoning of the National Working Committee (NWC) offices including the 2023 elective offices as well as the consensus option. Abiodun said he was confident that Buhari, who stands for equity and fairness, will provide direction to move the party forward. Asked to give a personal opinion, he said zoning formula is one area of priority which leaders of the party have been engaging in but a position will be made known after the National Executive Council (NEC) approves. According to him, it is after the NEC approval that “we’ll know where the president will come from.” “I will be hesitant to delve into the details of this question because, one, I’m not in any position or capacity to advise the party. I am a governor, I am a member of the party and I will continue to be guided by the party leadership and in line with party discipline. “We have a President in place, we are the party that’s in government, our President is the leader of the party. I believe that His Excellency, Mr. President, will continue to offer us the guidance that’s required and will do that which we need to do under his leadership. “I am not sure that I am capable, or have the capacity to begin to advise the party when I am just a member of the party and a governor, and the party has a leader who is the President. “We are aware that the party is working on zoning and when that is formalized and ratified by NEC, then it will be made public so we’ll know where the chairman of the party will come from, we’ll know where the President will come from and things will evolve in their own time,” the Governor stated.