Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Monday said cows reared by Fulani herdsmen would no longer be used for any social event in the Southeast. The group stated this in a New Year address by its Head of Directorate Mazi Chika Edoziem, through its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful. 2. No fewer than three people have been killed in Rafin Bauna village of Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau State. The victims were reportedly on their way from Dutsen Kura to Rafin Bauna when they were ambushed and killed by the assailants. 3. The Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) says it has no connection with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, former Lagos Governor, Bola Tinubu and Ekiti Governor, Kayode Fayemi. Publicity Secretary, Yinka Oguntimehin said the organization was not involved with a “Mega Accord of 57 civil society groups rooting for southwest presidential candidate”. 4. Plateau State Governor, Simon Lalong is saddened by the killing of three people at Rafin Bauna, Bassa Local Government Area. The governor, in a statement on Monday, mandated security agencies in the State to “go after the assailants” who attacked and killed the people on Sunday, and chase them out of Plateau. 5. There was tension in Edo State yesterday when scores of persons with some of them dressed in military uniform and suspected to be Fulani herdsman reportedly invaded a farming community known as 2nd Abumere Ojigbelu Camp in Ovia Northeast Local Government Area of Edo State and chased the villagers away. 6. The University College Hospital, Ibadan, yesterday narrated that the Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Adetunji, died at the Intensive Care Unit of the hospital at 01.15 am. The hospital in a statement by its Deputy Director of Information and Public Relations Officer, Toye Akinrinola, said the monarch was referred to UCH from a private hospital in Ibadan about 9.30 pm on Saturday. 7. The Lagos State Ministry of Education has insisted that public and private schools in the State will resume on Tuesday, January 4, 2021, to begin the second term of the 2021/2022 academic session. This is as the Commissioner for Education in the State, Folasade Adefisayo, urged school administrators in all public and private schools in the State to step up safety measures towards reducing insecurity and untoward incidents. 8. Bello Turji, a notorious bandit in Zamfara State, on Monday, released 52 people who had been under captivity for a long time. Turji is the arrowhead of killings and kidnappings around Shinkafi – Sabon Birni and Isah local government areas of Zamfara and Sokoto states. 9. Farmat Paul, a bride-to-be, was kidnapped hours before her wedding in Plateau State. The resident of Ngyong community in Bokkos Local Government Area of Plateau was abducted at her pastor’s house where she was expected to pass the night before the wedding. 10. One person was killed and many others wounded as gunmen attacked the palace of Eze Imo, Dr E. C. Okeke at Ezioha Amaifeke in Orlu Local Government Area of lmo State. According to the Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Mike Abattam, the gunmen stormed the palace around 1pm on Monday.