Governor Mohammed Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa State has said no governorship aspirant will be cheated in the Ekiti State All Progressives Congress (APC) primary slated for Thursday. Badaru, who is the Chairman of the APC Committee for the conduct of the primary, said the committee had got instruction to adopt option A4 direct primary in compliance with the party’s guidelines, saying nothing would stop his resolve to organise a primary that would be acceptable to all aspirants. He spoke in Ado Ekiti during an interaction with the APC aspirants in preparatory to the primary. Badaru said security will be made available across the 177 wards to safeguard the lives of voters and to tame those plotting to disrupt the conduct of the internal election. While speaking about the modality for the conduct of the election, Badaru said: “The party has a guideline in the conduct of direct primary, which is the accreditation of the party members after getting their voter cards and party membership slips carrying their photographs and their names should also be contained in the party registers in their respective wards. “After this is done, the members would now queue behind the agents of their preferred aspirants in each ward before counting. It is whatever is counted across the wards and acceptable to all agents that will be collated and announced accordingly. “I have my integrity to protect just like every other member of this committee. Nobody will be cheated. I have the assurance that we will end this primary with all aspirants commending us for doing a good job. We shall all laugh together after the process.” Badaru directed each of the aspirants to nominate 20 persons that would work with the committee as a local organising committee in the collation and transmission of results, saying he adopted the modality to make the process more credible and acceptable. He appealed to the aspirants to warn their members against disrupting the election in their opponents’ wards to avert a crisis that could truncate the process. “Don’t because you are looking for a position or ticket destroy the lives of others or engage in character assassination or campaign of calumny. Do your own best and allow the voters to do the rest because this will not help our party,” he said.