The Osun State Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has paraded four suspected illegal miners and fraudsters arrested by the personnel of the command. According to the State Commandant, Emmanuel Ocheja, the duo were apprehended on January 17, 2022, at an illegal mining site at Ita Obi community in Ilesa. Ocheja stated that after their arrest, they were transferred to the State Command headquarters for discreet investigation into their activities. The Osun State NSCDC Commandant revealed that a prima facie case has already been established against them, hence they would be charged to court to serve as a deterrent to others. The two suspects, who confessed to the crime of conspiracy and illegal mining, also revealed that they were operating without any authorisation and acquisition of mining license. Amos Dambaba Galadima, who hails from Niger State and one of the arrested illegal miners, told journalists that he has been a resident of Osun since 1992 but started illegal mining in 2013. The suspect, who pleaded not to be charged to court because of his family, disclosed that he will use the opportunity to plead with the government to provide him with a good job so as to prevent him from engaging in illegal mining. According to him, “We are engaging in illegal mining because we are not gainfully employed and we cannot provide for our family.” Also paraded were the duo of 26-year-old Adeyemo Mufutau and 27-year-old Oladiji Hezekiah who were both arrested for fraud and conspiracy. The Commandant, Ocheja revealed the duo were also arrested on Monday, January 17, 2022 in Ile-Ife. He said they confessed to be indulging in the illicit business of calling members of the public on phone while pretending to be old men (herbalists) and compelling the victims to pay into their bank accounts. The Osun NSCDC boss, who said the duo would be charged to court after due investigation, noted that it was necessary in the interest of justice and to serve as a deterrent to other criminally minded individuals.