The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has said that the Abia State High Court ruling has vindicated its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. IPOB said the award of N1 billion compensation to Kanu was symbolic, stressing that it proved that he never jumped bail but avoided assassination by the military. Justice Ben Anya on Wednesday ordered the Federal Government to pay N1 billion compensation to the IPOB leader over the violation of his fundamental human rights. In his ruling, the judge had declared the IPOB leader’s arrest as illegal and ordered the Federal Government to issue a public apology to him. The IPOB leader had filed a fundamental right suit against the Federal Government before Justice Anya, through his special counsel, Aloy Ejimakor. Reacting, IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, commended the trial judge for ruling in Kanu’s favour. Powerful said the ruling by Justice Anya had redeemed the image of the Nigerian judiciary. In a statement he signed, Powerful said: “Following the victory judgment received yesterday January 19th 2022 in Abia State High Court sitting in Umuahia, we the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under the command and leadership of our great leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU, commend the Presiding Judge for his courage to declare the infamous military invasion of our leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu’s house illegal. We commend the court for granting justice to our leader at a time Nigerian judiciary is fast losing the confidence of the world due to compromised rulings by some corrupt judiciary officers. “This latest judgment has to some extent redeemed the image of the judiciary in Nigeria and we ask other judges handling IPOB matters to help salvage completely the battered image of the judiciary in Nigeria in the eyes of your global colleagues in the judiciary. “We equally appreciate the efforts of Barrister Aloy Ejimakor and his team of lawyers for securing true judgment in this matter. “Since September 14th, 2017, when this atrocity was committed, no court in Nigeria has been brave enough to condemn the barbarity and brutality of the military until this judgment.” Powerful recalled how security agents invaded Kanu’s compound in Afarukwu kingdom in Ibeku Umuahia on September 14th 2017, “with the single objective to eliminate our leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU but God Almighty Chukwu Okike Abiama saved him from the evil hands of Fulani-controlled Federal Government security agencies.” He added: “It is true that the award of #1billion damages can not equate or compensate for the enormous loss of life occasioned by that barbaric military action, however, the symbolism is very clear. The Umuahia High Court ruling exposed the truth about the goings-on to eliminate anybody found as a supporter and sympathizer of Biafra agitation. “The judgment also vindicated our leader who never jumped bail contrary to the allegation but only escaped assassination by the military.” The separatist group charged the Federal Government to set a date for the referendum. “The recent trump-up charges preferred against our leader Mazi Nnamdi are another indication that NIGERIA has nothing against him. The best thing for the Nigerian government and its security is to release our leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU unconditionally and redeem their image across the world because the world is watching what is going on in Nigeria. NIGERIA should give us a date for a referendum to ascertain whether or not our people want to continue with the so-called One NIGERIA. “The only thing that can stop the agitation is the date for a referendum on the freedom for the people of Biafra. We will continue to win NIGERIA in every court,” he added.