A Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Ex-officio Mrs Oluwakemi Mosunmola Bello has accused a member of Oyo State House of Assembly, Akeem Mustapha of sponsoring an attack on her. Bello, who hails from Ilero in Kajola Local Government Area of the state alleged that Mustapha who is currently representing Kajola state constituency sent some of his loyalists to abuse and molest her openly. Bello who spoke with DAILY POST on Monday explained that the incident occurred on Saturday shortly after the PDP local government meeting. She claimed that Mustapha sent some of his loyalists including Mr. Kabir Olaoye, Secretary of the local government area to attack her. She added the intervention of some members of the party, saved her from being lynched. She told DAILY POST that some people in the party had told the lawmaker that she was working against his interest to get a return ticket in 2023. She said she was not working against the interest of anyone contrary to insinuations. Bello said, “Do you think I will be lying against him. What happened was that the issue has been on since the time the governor went to do his birthday in Saki. People were many and I have to defend my local government. “People were coming to meet the governor and I stood up to talk, then the governor said that Iya Ilero, did you people vote for me and I said it is not like that, that he had good votes in Kajola. “And I told the governor that 56 was not your result, it was 706. And I do not know who called the honourable that I went to meet the governor to dent his image or I want to prevent him from getting a return ticket in 2023. “Then on Saturday, after the local government meeting, those boys, it was Kabiru Olaoye, the Secretary of the local government area, that brought them, they were not even at the meeting. “Immediately after the meeting, I just discovered that they came from nowhere to attack me. Kabiru just came and started threatening me. He was saying who are you, I will deal with you, you are very stupid and all sorts of things. He was saying that he is the best loyalist of Akeem Mustapha and that he will beat me”. But, Mustapha in his reaction, described the allegation as an attempt to tarnish his image. Mustapha in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Monday claimed that as a public figure, there was no way he could do such a thing. He added that he was not at the meeting. “It is just a frivolous allegation. I am a public figure.
“As a public figure, there is no way I can do such a thing.
“And I was not even at the meeting”.