The Nigeria Association of Women Journalists, (NAWOJ), has called on Nigerians to remain steadfast and demonstrate more patriotism by shunning divisive tendencies and bigotry. Ladi Bala, President of the association, made the call in a New Year message released on Saturday and made available to DAILY POST. The number one woman journalist also urged Nigerians to focus on building a better and greater nation of their dreams where everyone is recognized and appreciated. “The New Year is here thus, the need for more commitment towards a better Nigeria by all concerned. It is our fervent prayers that Nigeria shall surely overcome its present challenges. As Nigerians, we should as part of nation building take it as a collective responsibility to make things work for the collective good of all. “The Year 2022 should serve as a defining one towards the build up to 2023 general elections”, she urged. Bala, however, noted that the year 2021 no doubt posed some challenges owing to insecurity and the economic downturn that forced most of the people to experience some measures of hardship. “Against this backdrop, it is pertinent to call on political parties and gladiators to be more sensitive to the yearnings and aspirations of the people and soul of the nation by sticking to the rules of the games and work towards a more united Nigeria”, she called. While felicitating with Nigerians on the occasion of New Year celebration, the NAWOJ National President appealed to Journalists to work more towards entrenching an effective political culture and acceptable processes preparatory to the transition of power in 2023. According to her, the road to a credible political process starts now with critical stakeholders making the needed commitment and sacrifices in the interest of all. “It is on this note that NAWOJ calls on government at all levels to give governance a human face by implementing programmes and policies that will take Nigerians and Nigeria out of the woods of poverty and economic doldrums”, she appealed.