Former Chelsea star, Geremi Njitap has named the seven football players to watch out for at the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations, AFCON, in Cameroon. The 2021 AFCON will begin today (Sunday) with host nation Cameroon, taking on Burkina Faso. Speaking to Metro UK on behalf of Genting Casino, Geremi has named the players he expects to do well during the competition. He said, “From the Ivory Coast, Sebastian Haller is one to watch. “He’s scoring a lot of goals for Ajax this season and for me, has a very good chance to win the Golden Boot at AFCON if he continues with his current form. “In the Senegal national team, you have to look at Ismaila Sarr, he is going to do a lot of good things. “He has been very good for Watford in the past few years and he is an exciting young talent. “He is still young and it is clear he has a lot of potential when teams like Liverpool have been interested. “Mohamed Elneny is also a standout for Egypt, he’s an experienced player at the top level and always consistent for Arsenal when he gets the chance to play – and just as important as Mo Salah is for Egypt. “This could be the tournament for Franck Kessie to show the Premier League’s big clubs that he is perfect to sign from Milan. “He’ll be the heart of the Ivory Coast midfield and if they’re to have a good tournament, he will have to fire for them. “Another one to watch is Islam Slimani from Algeria, he can do good things. “Yes, he didn’t do well at Leicester, but he is playing in France now and always a dangerous player in attack for Algeria with the service of Mahrez to feed balls into the box. “For my country Cameroon, I love Karl Toko Ekambi upfront – he is Lyon’s leading scorer coming into a rich vein of form recently and they will miss him in Ligue 1. ‘He can be a big talisman if my nation is going to try and win the tournament. “As for some younger players, Kamaldeen Sulemana has caught my eye for Rennes in France. “He is so quick as a winger and has the chance to be a huge star for Ghana. And he’s only 19 with a huge career ahead of him.”