Governor Dapo Abiodun’s faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) is currently in disarray over a letter announcing the suspension of Adetola Kadiri, mother of the impeached Deputy Speaker of Ogun State House of Assembly, Oludare Kadiri from the party, DAILY POST reports. A letter dated January 14 had surfaced online, purportedly suspending Mrs Kadiri, Sulaimon Bude and the incumbent Councillor. DAILY POST learnt that the four were separately served their suspension letters through the post office in Ijebu-Ode on Tuesday. The letter was signed by Sesan Araba and Yetunde Adebayo, who presented themselves as the Chairman and Secretary of Ward 9, Ijebu North Local Government respectively. A copy of the letter seen by our correspondent accused the politicians of alleged anti-party activities. However, it seems the suspension letters have thrown the party into crisis as leaders make concerted efforts to placate Dare’s mother, who is also accusing the Secretary to the State Government, Tokunbo Talabi, as being behind the said suspension. Mrs Kadiri, speaking with newsmen, described the letter as a slap on her face, saying Gov Abiodun and the SSG had called her to declare that they knew nothing about the suspension letter. “To my surprise, on Tuesday, someone called me that I have a letter from the post office. After reading the letter, I called the SSG, he denied knowing anything about it. He told me to scan the letter and send to him, I did. I sent the letter to the governor, party chairman, my son and Oladunjoye. “In the evening, the SSG called to beg me. He said his people in Ward 9 denied knowing about the letter. He called me again this (Wednesday) morning. He explained that the governor had ordered that the letter be reversed. I said it cannot be reversed anymore as it has already gone viral. “I told him that with my position in the party, this is a big slap on me, I’ve been in politics more than 50 years. The SSG said he would send the party chairman to my house, I said I would disgrace him. He said he would visit me, I told him not to come to my house,” she stated. In his words, Bude declared himself as the duly elected Chairman, saying Araba is an impostor with no power to suspend anyone from the APC. Bude said, “it was the SSG who formed another faction with one Sesan Araba as his own Chairman.” He explained that they had once gone to Gov Abiodun’s office to stage a protest about the group being paraded by the SSG. “After the local government congress, I was told that a new set of people were sworn in as the Chairman of Ward 9 in Abeokuta. I and my people went to Abeokuta, three commissioners addressed us there, including the Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs Commissioner for Youths. “The Governor wasn’t around on that day. We explained everything to them. We were attended to and even the governor sent us N500,00 that day, he said when he comes back he will call us but he hasn’t called since then. “On the 27th of Dec 2021, the local government Chairman invited us, four persons each from the two sides. We went there but they didn’t come. We talked to the Chairman, he also knows that the other side are a minority. We told the chairman that anything meant for Ward 9 shouldn’t be divided into two. The chairman pleaded with us that they should take 30% while we take 70%. “Suddenly, I got a call for a letter from Ijebu-Ode post office, They brought the letter to me and I discovered that one Sesan Araba said he suspended me from the party. Who is he? Where did he hold his congress? He doesn’t possess the power to suspend anybody. “I don’t know anybody called Sesan Araba and he didn’t emerge from any congress. He doesn’t even have the power or audacity to impeach me. He is only doing this because he has the SSG behind him. “I don’t want these people to destroy the party because that’s what Sesan Araba wants to do. I don’t pray that APC Ward 9 should scatter because it took a lot of hard work to build it. So he should stop the game he’s playing or else, anything can happen. We are not ready to take the party to court because it’s not easy to gather people together. This Sesan Araba of a person doesn’t live in Ago Iwoye, I heard he stays in Ijebu Ode. How will he know how to bring people into the party?” Bude said. But speaking with DAILY POST, The acclaimed Chairman, Araba, confirmed signing the letter, saying, however, that he was not the one who wrote it. “I didn’t write the letter. It was the Ward that wrote it. I signed it because I am the Chairman of that Ward. The Ward wrote the letter and gave it to me. Also, Araba’s Secretary, Yetunde Adebayo, confirmed signing the letter but denied writing it. “I am the Secretary, the Ward told me to sign and I did. As the Secretary, I only signed, I didn’t write the letter. She explained that Ward members compelled them to sign the letters, having accused them of plans to betray them. “They said all their entitlements were eluding them, saying we are like ‘Figure heads’. We didn’t write the letter, we only signed,” Adebayo declared. Meanwhile, Gbenga Nuberu, who identified himself as the Assistant State Secretary of the APC, said the issue is being attended to by leaders of the party. The SSG, Talabi did not reply to messages sent to him.