Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A High Court in Abia State, on Wednesday, ordered the Federal Government to pay the sum of N1 billion to the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu. The court also ordered the government to issue a letter of apology to the secessionist for allegedly violating his fundamental human rights. 2. Sadiq Umar scored his first Super Eagles goal in Nigeria’s 2-0 win over Guinea Bissau in their final African Cup of Nations Group D encounter at the Roumde Adija stadium in Garoua. The Kaduna-born striker finally scored his first ever senior goal for Nigeria on his first start and third cap. 3. Ahead of the February 26 convention, the All Progressives Congress, APC, has denied zoning party positions. The National Secretary of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Senator James Akpanudoedehe, while addressing journalists on Wednesday in Abuja, said the committee has not taken a position on zoning. 4. In an accident that occurred on the Ogun State axis of Lagos/Ibadan expressway, four people lost their lives, while 12 others were injured when a passenger bus ran into a truck. The incident occurred at about 10.55 am around Oniworo Turning in the Fidiwo area. 5. Ahead of the 2023 general election, more pressure groups have stepped up lobbying for Goodluck Jonathan to join the presidential race. A coalition of pressure groups, under the aegis of the National Coalition for Goodluck Jonathan (NACOJO), has concluded plans to embark on aggressive grassroots mobilization for Jonathan. 6. The Chief Whip of the Senate, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, has asserted that he is capable but not desperate to become the President of Nigeria in 2023. This is as he lamented that the South-East region was overdue to produce the next president of the country. 7. The Federal Executive Council, on Wednesday, approved contract awards for various projects in the Federal Capital Territory, flood control in the six geo-political zones as well as for the Ministry of Transportation with a combined worth of about N75.78bn. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed disclosed this to State House Correspondents. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has lauded the Super Eagles of Nigeria for keeping hope alive in the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon. The Nigerian team, which won all its group matches, has advanced to the second round of the tournament in grand style. 9. One month after President Muhammadu Buhari rejected the 2021 Electoral Amendment Bill, over the removal of indirect primaries, the Senate, yesterday, passed an amended version with the inclusion of direct, indirect and consensus mode of electing candidates by political parties for elective positions in the 2023 general elections. 10. Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has tendered an apology over his claim that Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) expire. While hosting some of his supporters in Abuja, the APC stalwart had asked them to register ahead of the election because their PVCs had expired.