Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), yesterday, said he has informed President Muhammadu Buhari of his presidential ambition. Tinubu said this in an interactive session with State House Correspondents after meeting the President at Aso Rock on Monday. 2. There were sporadic shootings in some parts of the Enugu capital on Monday as suspected hoodlums attempted to force a return to the weekly sit-at-home order which the IPOB had introduced. Although the outlawed group has repeatedly announced its cancellation, activities of South-East residents have been disrupted since it initiated the move. 3. The Governor of Rivers State, Chief Nyesom Wike, has told leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, that the party cannot afford to miss the opportunity Nigerians have given it to return to power in 2023. Wike also said PDP governors and other stakeholders will work tirelessly for the party to produce the next Nigerian President. 4. Staff working in the National Assembly, operating under the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN), on Monday, embarked on a protest over the non-implementation of minimum wage. The workers converged on the lobby of the white house of the National Assembly with placards. 5. The Lagos Command of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) said it had re-arrested a Dubai-based internet celebrity, Ismailia Mustapha, aka Mompha for alleged money laundering. The EFCC, in a statement by its Head of Media and Publicity Wilson Uwujaren, said Mompha was taken into custody on Monday. 6. The operatives of Osun State’s Amotekun have arrested a 35-year-old father, Ganiyu Wasiu and her 21-year-old daughter, Muizzat Wasiu with fresh human parts. It was gathered that the suspects were arrested at the Oke-Fia area of Igege Town in Olaoluwa LGA when they were conveying the mutilated human parts in a Ghana-Must-Go bag. 7. Ministers and Heads of Agencies, Monday, reported progress in the implementation of the federal government’s Economic Sustainability Plan. It was the first meeting of the Economic Sustainability Committee in 2022, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, presiding. 8. A Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, stalwart, Chief Bode George, has described the presidential ambition of the All Progressives Congress, APC, national leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, as a huge joke. George said this on Monday while reacting to Tinubu’s decision to inform President Muhammadu Buhari of his intention to contest. 9. Two people have been reportedly killed in a clash between two cults on Iya Agan Street, in the Ebute Metta area of Lagos State. It was gathered that the cultists, who engaged one another in a free-for-all with different weapons, including guns, also looted shops in the community. 10. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Monday, advised people of the South-East to seek alternative means of protein ahead of its ban on beef from Fulani cattle, which will take effect from April. IPOB gave the advice in a statement explaining its ban on beef from cattle brought by “terrorist Fulani-killers masquerading as herdsmen.”