Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed on Saturday warned his supporters against tearing posters and banners of opposition candidates, ahead of the 2023 general election. The governor gave the warning at a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stakeholders meeting held at the Government House in Bauchi. Mohammed said his administration would not encourage PDP supporters to engage in the destruction of opposition’s posters and banners. He said instead of encouraging any acts of destruction, his political style would be to encourage members of the opposition parties to join the ruling PDP, claiming his administration had landmark achievements to showcase for all to see. “I want to use this stakeholders meeting to advise my supporters not to engage in destroying posters and banners of other candidates especially those from the opposition parties,” the governor said. He said with the support of PDP stakeholders, his administration was able to make giant strides in the areas of infrastructure, agriculture, health, education, women and youth empowerment, among others. “I am happy with the unity that is existing among the leaders and members of our PDP party in Bauchi State and I am happy to say that with your support, we have made giant strides in the sectors of infrastructure, agriculture, health, education, women and youth empowerment, among others,” the governor was quoted by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Muktar Gidado, to have said at the meeting. Governor Mohammed further told the PDP stakeholders that one of the legacies of his administration was the conduct of local government elections in the state after more than a decade of no election at that level in the state. He then expressed appreciation to the local government chairmen for their performance, particularly in the area of empowering people at the grassroots. While declaring that he has no preferred candidates, the governor, called on party members not to use their political ambitions to cause rancour in the PDP in the state, advising them to rather work for the success of the party in the 2023 elections. “I want to inform all the aspirants of various elected offices that I have no preferred candidate. I will support the party to ensure justice in the process of our primary election,” he said. Also speaking, the state PDP Chairman, Hamza Koshe Akuyam, said the stakeholders meeting was to discuss and review the party’s plan and activities ahead of the forthcoming general elections. Akuyam assured members of a level playing ground for everyone to contest for various political offices.