A member of the Enugu State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Chinedu Nwamba has expressed satisfaction with Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s performance in office. Nwamba, representing Nsukka East constituency, who spoke to journalists during the Gburugburu (Gov. Ugwuanyi) Empowerment Programme, said the Governor would choose his successor at the expiration of his tenure in 2023. The lawmaker declared that the Governor had done so well for his constituency and the people of the State, generally. “He has done so well for my people; the Opi-Ede-Oballa Road, linking Nsukka town, which is in my constituency, is a world class road. “The Eha-Alumonah ring road, which he built through RAMP, is also one of them, and so many others that my constituency is enjoying. “Also, in the area of security, the Governor has done marvelously well; he is a security strategist; he is a master in it; the people will not understand the value of peace until you have war; the value of peace is priceless; we have been enjoying peace in Enugu State because of the kind of the Governor we have, because of his style of leadership. Enugu State is regarded as the most peaceful State in Nigeria because of the security we have,” he stated. Nwamba, who is the House Committee chairman on Public Accounts and Anti-Corruption, said the essence of the programme was to support the Governor “by providing the security apparatus that some communities in our constituency need, like motorcycles, which will give the neighbourhood watch people the ability to move around the hinterlands.” He noted that “in the area of party politics, the Governor has also been doing so well for our people; I also need to support him in that regard; that’s why I released one mini-bus for each of the nine wards I’m representing in Nsukka East constituency, to support the party. The governor cannot be providing for all of us “The people, who are my constituents, have been giving me enormous support since I have been in the House of Assembly. I always won elections with over 90 percent of the total votes cast, that shows that they are giving me very big support. Today, on behalf of His Excellency the governor, many of them have been empowered to go and start something that will better their lives. “I don’t believe in politics of just seeking gains from the government but giving back to the society and to the government.” On his plan for the 2023 election, Nwamba said, “my plan is to make sure that the governor of Enugu State brings out his successor, the person who will continue after his office. “I also want to know the mind of God in my political career, if He still wants me to continue, I am still available; I am not too old, I don’t want to retire now; His Excellency the Governor knows all of us; he knows our capacity, how loyal everybody is; him and God will decide whatever is going to be my political future; he is my boss, anything he says, I’m taking it.”