Gunmen suspected to be hired assassins in the early hours of January 1, 2022, shot dead one Mr Otu Inyang, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Akwa Ibom State while he was returning from crossover service with his family at Qua Iboe church, Ikot Udoma village in Eket Local Government Area of the state. According to a source from the village, the deceased was ambushed by his assailants who fired several bullets into his head a few minutes to his residence adding that other worshippers going home after the service did not suspect that the sounds they heard were that of gunshots as there were several other sounds from fireworks to herald the new year. Also, the President of Ekid Peoples Union and former governorship candidate on the platform of the defunct All Nigeria People Party, Dr Samuel Udonsek, reacting to the incident described the deceased as a formidable politician and community leader. Udonsak, who condemned the murder noted that such a model of conflict resolution was uncommon in Ekid land even as he prayed God to give the family the fortitude to bear the loss. He said, “I knew Elder Otuinyang very well, back in our days in ANPP 2000 – 2003 when he helped us build a formidable opposition party. The late Prof Etuk Nssien Etuk, of blessed memory, regarded him rightly then, as a formidable pillar of his strong and resilient political empire and structure. “When we attended his thanksgiving service after his retirement, I got to know first hand, how devoted he was to his native Ikot Udoma and the Qua Iboe Church. And, also how his people regarded and respected him. “On assuming the leadership of the Ekid People’s Union, we noted that his APC members were a bit distant from the Union, so he was one of those we consulted, on how to make the Union more inclusive for all, irrespective of political party affiliations. Sadly, he has died before this crucial task has been accomplished. “For me, and indeed the generality of the remnants of our old ANPP structure; a great friend and loyalist has departed, may God in his infinite mercies forgive whatever his human frailties were and accept his soul to eternal rest in paradise. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer in the State, SP Odiko Macdon said the commissioner of Police Andrew Amiengheme has ordered the deputy commissioner of Police in the state, to conduct a discreet investigation into the incident and ensure that the culprits are brought to book very soon. “The command has received such report and it is unfortunate. The CP has ordered the deputy commissioner of Police in the command to conduct a discreet investigation into the incident and ensure that the culprits are brought to book. So, we are on top of the situation and I want to assure that they will not escape” Macdon said.