Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has slammed the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari and the Nigerian Army, accusing them of being biased in their handling of the security crises in the country. HURIWA said that armed Fulani terrorists have continued to successfully attack communities in the North West simply because Buhari is yet to issue directives to his service/military chiefs to either strike decisively at the heart of the terrorists or be relieved of their duties. The human rights organization also charged the Nigerian media to begin to describe the bandits as terrorists. According to the group, this same administration did not spend even a second in rushing to the Federal High Court Abuja to obtain an ex parte order declaring the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) a terrorist group. The rights group pointed out that the government did not stop at declaring IPOB a terrorist group but wasted no time in issuing the gazette declaring the group as a terrorist and followed it up with a massive military operations in the South East. HURIWA, in a statement signed by its national coordinator, Emmanuel Onwubik, further accused the Buhari-led government of pampering the Fulani largely dominated armed terrorists. The rights group said it took them many years of agitations by activists for the Buhari government to summon courage to the Federal High Court Abuja to get the Court to categorise the armed bandits as terrorists. HURIWA then said even after the Court had made the declaration, it took the Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, many weeks to publish a gazette declaring them as terrorists. The human rights group said even after the gazette is out, the armed forces, who did not waste time in launching deadly attacks in different parts in the South East in search of members of the IPOB, have failed to carry out any transparent, verifiable and full proof operations to decapitate, decimate and capture the terrorists. According to the group, the military inactions have enabled the terrorists to spread their violent tentacles and to launch massive attacks in Zamfara, Niger, Southern Kaduna and Plateau States.