The Leader of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, on Saturday released fresh prophetic warnings about some African countries, including Kenya, Uganda, Cameroun, South Sudan and Congo Brazzaville, In a statement signed by his media aide, Osho Oluwatosin, Primate Ayodele revealed what the countries should expect and the path their leaders should take to avoid a crisis. In Uganda, Primate Ayodele advised President Yoweri Museveni not to trust his military formation anymore and immediately re-organize them because he foresees an unexpected interception of the government by the military in conjunction with external forces. ‘’Uganda President, Yoweri Museveni must be careful so his military will not be disorganized. There will be an external force to combine with the local force to fight the government forces. There is an intention to intercept his government. He shouldn’t trust his military formation anymore,’’ he said. For South Sudan, Primate Ayodele made it known that the country will experience a smooth transition to democracy if only the current president heeds to spiritual advice. We recall that Primate Ayodele had declared a 21-day fasting and prayer for the country to avert any crisis. He said: ‘’South Sudan will experience a smooth transition to democracy if the president heeds to advice, observe the fast and protect the country because the rebels are planning big to attack the government force unexpectedly. They should reorganize the government forces and seek more international support. The head of the government has done so well but some people are planning a hurricane Barbarossa in the country. He should be very careful and prayerful this period.’’ On Chad, Primate Ayodele revealed that the country must plan the transition to democracy well because he foresees terrorists coming against the present leadership. ‘’Chad government must plan their transition well because terrorists are planning to come against the present government.’’ On Cameroun, Congo Brazzaville, the man of God warned the leaders to tidy up things because he foresees an unexpected interception of government in the countries. ‘’Cameroun must be careful because I see crisis, uprising that will create problems. Also, Congo Brazzaville must tidy things up so they won’t experience unexpected interception.’’ Speaking on the Kenyan election, Primate Ayodele asked the country to pray against an attack before the presidential election. In Burkina Faso where a coup happened a few days ago, Primate Ayodele revealed that the junta still won’t make any difference, while explaining that the country needs help.