Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, Tuesday, inspected ongoing roads and other projects in Makurdi, the State capital. The Governor assured that the road projects, the 1.2 kilometres NKST Yina to George Akume way, awarded at the cost of N890 million and the 1.3 kilometer Low Cost Housing Estate, Naka Road to Bamban Community at the cost of N430 million would be completed within six months. He explained that the two road projects under construction were being financed from a bank facility and that the monies for the projects were intact, stressing that they will be completed and asphalted as scheduled. The Governor stated that the two streets under construction in the North Bank area of the State capital were funded using ecological funds sent to the State by the Federal Government, pointing out that local governments also have their share of the ecological funds. He stated that the road projects under construction in Makurdi metropolis were part of his administration’s urban renewal initiatives. The Governor commended youths from the areas where the projects were being executed for not engaging in theft of materials, even as he also commended the contractor, Privent Construction Company Nigeria Limited for executing quality job.  At the new headquarters of the Board of Internal Revenue Service, BIRS, Governor Ortom said when renovation work, which is at 90 percent is completed, the edifice will be named after the late former Governor of the State, Apollos Aper Aku. Chairman and Managing Director of Privent Construction Company Nigeria Limited executing some of the projects, Engineer Stephen Akange said work on the roads projects will be completed within recorded time and according to specifications. On his part, Ter Makurdi, Chief Vincent Aule, expressed appreciation to Governor Ortom for the laudable projects he is executing in his domain, stressing that the Governor is currently executing electricity project from back of Modern Market to Bamban Community. The Governor and his entourage also inspected the Modern Market Gate-Agagbe-Adaka road for which contract has also been awarded and construction work billed to commence soon.