The former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Sen. Anyim Pius Anyim on Thursday urged all political parties in Nigeria, especially the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC, to obey and implement rotation of the presidency to southern Nigeria. Recall that Anyim who served the country as a Senate President, had declared intention to run for President in the 2023 election. He had vowed to realign the political structure of Nigeria to reflect the current realities; to revive the economy and save the naira if given the opportunity to become the next Nigeria President in 2023. The former SGF made this known during a beefing/ consultation visit to the southeast governors, prominent leaders and PDP officials that took place at the Best Western Plus, Enugu state. According to him: “On the 18th of February, 2023, exactly 13 months and 23 days from today, The 2023 presidential and National Assembly elections will be held. Although the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, is yet to issue the guidelines for political activities, individuals with aspirations to contest for offices have commenced consultation and preliminary preparations. “For us in the PDP, the successful holding of our National Convention and election of the new National Working Committee, (NWC) members, has invariably set the stage for political activities in our party towards 2023. “As we prepare for 2023 elections, I take the liberty to say that the challenge before our great party is how to deliver on the expectations of the Nigerian people. Nigerians are looking up to the PDP to rebuild our nation; to protect lives and property; to restore the respect of Nigeria. He noted that Nigerians are expecting the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to return to power in 2023, especially to rebuild the nation. “The rotation of the Presidency favours Southern Nigeria. It is also to my knowledge that the South-East stakeholders have repeatedly made the case for zoning of the Presidency to the South East, for equity and fairness. “Nigerians expect PDP to return to power so that our nation can resume the march to greatness. The above tasks are no mean ones. The political pedigree, vision and credentials of who leads the party to accomplish these tasks must command priority attention and consideration of our great party. It is in furtherance of this that I put forth my credentials and records for your consideration” he stated