The Youth wing of the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, has commended some Igbo politicians for stepping out to declare interest for the 2023 Presidential race. DAILY POST reported that Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State and Senator Orji Uzor Kalu have since made public their interest in the country’s number one seat. They are both of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has also declared his interest. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday by the President-General of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike and the Secretary-General, Comrade Obinna Achionye, they said the move by South-East politicians was cheering. The OYC, however, urged them not to go to sleep. “It is not enough to declare interest; they must follow it up with consultations across the country. “All those who have declared interest should immediately step up consultation efforts,” he said. The OYC, however, urged Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi to boldly join the presidential race. They said “We see Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State as one of the best hands we have for the presidency in 2023. “Ugwuanyi’s peaceful disposition is the kind of thing Nigeria needs now; so, we are urging him to join the race now. He has the capacity to unite all the aggrieved sections of the country and restore normalcy. “We are also asking others like Peter Obi, George Moghalu, Owelle Rochas Okorocha, Senator Chris Ngige, Geofrey Onyeama, Chukwuemeka Nwajuba, Ogbonnaya Onu, Ken Nnamani among others to declare their interest. “Ndigbo must show their willingness and readiness to present themselves for that office. This is not a time to go and sleep.” “For the umpteenth time, we are saying that it is the turn of Ndigbo to occupy the presidential seat in 2023 and for that reason, people like Bola Tinubu should jettison their ambition. He should throw his support behind an Igbo man if indeed he means well for Nigeria,” they added.