A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Oyo State, Engineer Oyedele Hakeem Alao, has said that a former governor of the state, Chief Christopher Adebayo Alao-Akala, was the one who encouraged him to join APC. Alao made this disclosure via a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, Wednesday evening. Our correspondent gathered that Alao-Akala had on Wednesday died at his Ogbomoso residence. The former police officer who joined politics decades ago, died at the age of 71. He governed Oyo state between 2007 and 2011. But, Alao, who contested the gubernatorial election on the platform of Alliance for Democracy (AD) in 2019, has described the death of Alao-Akala as shocking. Alao, who recently joined APC, said that the death is a great loss, not just to the APC in the state but the entire nation. Alao said that his last encounter with the former governor was in his Bodija, Ibadan residence, last December where he encouraged him to join the APC before the end of the year. He described Alao-Akala as an elder statesman who contributed immensely to the development of the state, stating that his wealth of experience as a politician would be greatly missed by those who had had contact with him. He maintained that Alao-Akala lived a fulfilled life. Alao said “I received with shock, news of the passage to eternal life of Gov. Adebayo Alao Akala, the former Governor of Oyo State. “I recall His Excellency’s advice on my numerous visits to his Amazing Grace Residence. Particularly, his role in my defection to the APC as far back as April 2021, which later became reality after my visit to him on Wednesday, December 15, 2021. “Gov. Akala lived a fulfilled and exemplary life. His generosity and open mindedness that endeared people to him during his lifetime is unparalleled. He will be sorely missed by the people of Oyo State, especially members of the APC. “On behalf of my family, friends and political associates, I wish to sincerely condole with the immediate family of Gov. Akala, Ogbomoso indigenes and the people of Oyo State. “May the Lord Almighty be pleased with his soul and protect the family he left behind.”