Over 30 ISWAP fighters were reportedly killed after a combined team of soldiers and local hunters led by Yohanna Sarkin Yaki on Saturday ambushed them in Biu local government area of Borno State. The ISWAP fighters, who were attempting to infiltrate Biu through ‘Manda Fuma’ one of the hot gates of the ancient city met their waterloo when local hunters and Nigerian soldiers laying in wait resisted their attempt to proceed. The ISWAP fighters reportedly retreated after about three hours of fighting with no lead to proceed on their campaign. Recall that after ISWAP fighters attacked the Army University School of War and Peace in Buratai town near Biu, they were sighted gathering along Sabon Gari and Wajiroko between Biu and Damboa town as well as in Ajigil and Kafa in Damboa. Biu local government area of Borno is located in Southern Borno and exactly 187km drive from Maiduguri, the state capital. The road to Biu from Maiduguri through Damboa has been shut down as a result of the activities of Terrorists around ‘Kukwayan Giya’, Talala, and Ajigil around Alangaro forest linking to Sambisa forest in Borno State. Local hunters in Biu said they have mounted a siege around the gates from Shani, Damboa, Shafts and Darin. However, following the ambush, the hunters, said they killed over 30 ISWAP fighters during the shoot out that ensued and lost nobody. “When they found that their attempt was futile and began to withdraw, Yohanna Sarkin Yaki told the military that there is a secret way to block and finish with the terrorists and that he was going to lead the way before they escape but the soldiers asked him not to take any deadly voyage but to allow them leave since they were exhausted and are retreating. “They carried some of their dead colleagues as well as the wounded with them. The few ones were those they could not carry. The Insurgents were speaking the Kanuri language. We destroyed three of their gun truck and recovered arms and ammunition. ” Some of the residents of Biu town who gave the military and local hunters heroic welcome at the roundabout in Biu told our correspondent that they began to hear the exchange of gunfire around 2:00pm on Saturday. They said some local hunters and residents of Biu rushed into their houses and carried weapons as they headed towards Yamarkumi community to help the fighting men of the Nigerian Army and local vigilante and hunters led by the celebrated Yohanna Sarkin Yaki. Danladi Wuyaku, a local hunter in Biu told newsmen that ”A few days ago, Malam Yohanna Sarkin had addressed hundreds of local hunters and vigilantes following reports that the insurgents were gathering. He told them that Biu is home to them and so they would stay to till the ground and make their harvest while growing their children in the only way they know. He said unless he falls, he would never stop fighting the terrorists. Attempts to get the Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Sani Mohammed to respond to the news failed as he did not pick his calls. However, those who were able to take photos and videos of the aftermath of the Battle in Biu shared the gory pictures and films of the killed terrorists.