The people of Nguru community, in Nsukka Local Government Area of Enugu State have hailed Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of the State and the member representing Nsukka/Igbo-Eze South Federal Constituency, Hon. Pat Asadu over the road construction in the community. This was part of the communique issued by the community after a stakeholders’ meeting on Sunday. In the communique made available to DAILY POST, the community also declared absolute confidence in the traditional ruler, His Royal Highness, Igwe Linus Obayi, warning against any further attack on the traditional ruler. It was signed by Edoga Paul Eze, Attamah Ezoguda, Edoga Fidelis Eze, Onyishi Umuodeju, Ochiebo Obayi Obute, Onyishi Amagu Uwani, Edoga Godwin Onyishi, Onyishi Umudimojome, for the Akpuru arua, Onowu Ikechukwu Ezema, the Traditional Prime Minister for the Igwe-in-Council, Chief Longinus Obayi, Palace Secretary for Igwe-in-Council. Other signatories to it included Arumona Lazarus Attah, for Oha Nguru, Arumona Augustine Alumona, for Oha Nguru, Arumona Emeka Ugwuede, for Oha Nguru, Omerubo Nkwo Asogwa, for Umuada Nguru Nsukka, Chief Attah Chigozie Emmanuel, for Nguru Youths, Chief Thomas Obute, for Nguru Land Committee. The all-inclusive stakeholders’ meeting of Nguru Nsukka had in attendance the Akpuru arua (Onyishi) of all the villages, nd’Oha, Igwe in council (cabinet members), Umuada, the Nguru youths, men, and women. The communique read: “The custodians and all peace-loving people of Nguru Nsukka have confidence in their traditional ruler, HRH Igwe Linus Obayi, as the most humble and peace-loving Igwe. “Thanked the Executive Governor of Enugu State Rt Hon. Dr Ifeanyi Lawrence Ugwuanyi and member representing Nsukka/Igboeze South federal constituency, Rt Hon. Dr Pat Asadu for the good work of road construction and asphalting in Nguru. “Declared that peace in Nguru Nsukka is paramount and must be maintained by all and sundry.” They also “condemned the attitude of the group that describes herself as Nguru Concerned Citizens that, on Monday, 3/1/22, blocked the major roads in Nguru Nsukka in the name of protest, thereby holding the lives and economic conditions of all Nguru Nsukka people and the neighbouring community to ransom and described the attitude of the group as barbaric and uncivilized. “Urged the aggrieved members of Nguru Concerned Citizens to embrace dialogue, and stop giving false information to some people of our community. “Maintained that HRH Igwe Linus Obayi, though the traditional ruler, do not have absolute power over Nguru Nsukka land since the _Akpuru aruas (Onyishis)_ and Land Committee had been handling Nguru land matters even before the coronation of the Igwe. “Commended the Igwe for his humility, intelligence and wisdom and good leadership style in the community. “Resolved that Nguru Town Union is very paramount and must be supported by all stakeholders, and that delegates to the Town Union remain at the discretion of villages maintaining the cultural and constitutional provisions of delegation/nomination; the Onyishi of each village has power to endorse all delegates and in the absence of Onyishi endorsement, the delegates are invalid. “Our traditional ruler the Igwe, the Akpuru arua and other custodians must be given utmost respect at all times. “Advised the members of Nguru Concerned Citizens to leave HRH Igwe Obayi alone since the Igwe is innocent of all the allegations levelled against him. “Resolved that the traditional ruler is the leader of everybody in the community irrespective of creed or status. “Maintained that Nguru Nsukka is one and indivisible entity and called on all sons and daughters to give the Igwe maximum support to move Nguru forward. “Called on all members of the community to be security conscious to ensure protection of lives and property of all in Nguru Nsukka. “Demanded an unreserved apology from the members of Nguru Concerned Citizens for holding the lives and economic conditions of all the members of Nguru Nsukka and other neighborhring communities hostage on 03/01/2022.”