Some Nigerians have slammed the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, for misleading the general public via his comment claiming that the Permanent Voters Card, PVC can expire. DAILY POST recalls that the Asiwaju of Lagos had on Tuesday told some of his supporters he hosted in the Federal Capital Territory to register ahead of the 2023 presidential election because their PVCs had expired. The comment, however, did not go down well as Nigerians stormed the social media to lambast the presidential aspirant for misleading the general public. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) also swiftly countered the claim, warning Nigerians against heeding his advice. But Tinubu’s media outfit, in a statement on Wednesday, apologized to Nigerians over the comment, saying “he mistakenly used the word ‘expire’ instead of stating that the cards may have to be updated”. The apology triggered more reactions as many Nigerians slammed the 2023 presidential aspirant for misleading the entire public, saying everything about him is wrong. Other reactors opined that his wrong comment and the controversial discrepancy surrounding his real date of birth is enough signal, showing his incompetence to rule Nigeria. Below are some of the reactions compiled from Facebook. Moses Wamanyi: “Nigeria my country, you have started apologising even when you have not gotten there. We don’t want a president that is always apologising because it shows that you would fake everything you promise and then later apologize”. Emeka Egeonu: “Dementia is incurable but can be managed with the help of family members. Tinubu should retire in peace and learn how to play with his grandchildren and great-grandchildren. He is over 80 years and still struggling to be our president. Who do us this jazz for this country Biko? Na waoooooo” Kweku Is’haq: Another liar again. Nothing like “the cards may have to be updated” in the context of his principal’s statement. The PVC does not need an update. it is just an option for the holder to either review/update his/her details if he/she feels there are some important changes between when he/she registered and now. “This is a clear signal that you cannot become Nigerian President. If you start lying from now, what will you do when you get there”? Cletus Omale: “You are wrong in everything sir, wrong in your information about PVC, wrong about your age declaration, wrong in your first pre-campaign utterances (starting from where Buhari stop) Finally sir, I think is the wrong time also for you to contest for president of this country because everything is very wrong with you”. Godwin Umoh: You have already made us know that all the promises you are going to make during the campaign are lies. E go bi voice mail too. Sorry”.