The Delta State Chapter of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) has tasked the National Assembly to effect the needed change in the amended Electoral Bill to enable the President assent to it. This was contained in a communiqué jointly signed by ZLP State Chairman, Mr Emeka Nkwoala, and the Secretary, Mr MacPherson Obenobe at the end of the party’s State Executive Council meeting held on Friday in Asaba. According to the party, the National Assembly effecting the requested changes and passing the bill to Mr President for assent would assure credible, transparent, free, and fair 2023 elections. It deplored the state of insecurity in the country and called on the President to set up a judicial panel over the killing of innocent people across the country. “The party condemns the killing of innocent people across the country, especially in the North, but more worrisome is the rising spate of kidnapping and killing of security personnel in the Eastern part of the country. “While we commiserate with the families of the deceased, we urge the government to bring the perpetrators to book,” the party said. The party, however, lauded Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta for setting up a panel of inquiry to investigate the remote cause of the collapsed Salvation Ministries building in Okpanam on Tuesday, Jan. 11. While recommending adequate compensation for victims, it called for adequate punishment for those culpable and indicted to serve as a deterrent to others. It also appreciated Gov. Okowa for the massive infrastructural development across the State and urged him to complete all ongoing projects before leaving office in May 2023. It, however, called on Delta residents to make themselves available to be vaccinated against the deadly Coronavirus (COVID-19), Delta variant, and the Omicron variant but frowned at any form of force to get the people vaccinated. It commended the National Chairman of ZLP, Chief Dan Nwanyanwu and his team for stabilizing the party and positioning it on the part of growth and development. It said that the party in Delta was prepared and awaiting directives from its headquarters for State Congresses while making efforts to win new and capable members into the party at the State level.