The leadership of the Arewa Youth Assembly (AYA) has called on Nigerians to elect the right person without religious, tribal or sectional bias as the 2023 election draws nearer. The group stated, “Dear Nigerians, please this time around let it not be about rice, spaghetti, detergents, wrapper, or mere 1 thousand or 2 thousand handed out to you. The right person will make it possible for you to earn more than enough to buy these things, and much more, but also the sense of pride and dignity for being able to stand on your own and provide for yourself and family.” In a statement issued and made available to DAILY POST in Kaduna on Thursday by Mohammed Salihu Danlami and Desmond Minakaro, Speaker and National Clerk of the group, it explained, “Let it not be empty promises or the usual polarisation along religious and ethnic lines. Hunger and poverty know not your tribe or faith. Let’s give the private sector and those that have shown the true capacity to build something sustainable, that has impacted lives and communities a try.” The group called on successful private sector players to join the 2023 presidential race, saying that they need to stand up and be counted in order to rescue Nigeria from the shackle of poor leadership. The statement noted, “A country like Nigeria that has great and intelligent minds with positive reputations all over the world, the likes of Mrs Ngozi Okonjo Iweala, Mrs Ibukun Awosika, Mr Bode Augusto, Mr Segun Agbaje, Mr Fola Adeola, Alhaji Tunde Folawiyo, Mr Atedo Peterside, Mr Kola Adesina, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, Mr Femi Otedola, Mr Mike Adenuga, Mr Akinwumi Adesina, Mr Herbert Wigwe and Mr Aig Imoukhuede who are boardroom Czars with a vast wealth of knowledge on entrepreneurship, why let Nigeria be run by others who lack such knowledge.” The statement believed that the presence of entrepreneurs in politics would serve as mediators between individuals with economic ideas and the body of Government responsible for making and implementing such policies to have a harmonious outcome pushing the country further economically. The group also believed that Nigeria would flourish under such a person, adding that the country’s economy would grow as he or she is already an employer of labour, and will create employment on a level playing ground for businesses to grow. The statement explained that the country is in need of an entrepreneur that can grow wealth, bear risk in such conditions found in Nigeria, believing that it would surely be suited to better the fortunes too of the nation. The statement is of the view that marrying leadership with entrepreneurship has been established as idiosyncratic, thus laying a solid foundation of competency, vision, skills for a firm and effective leadership. It stated that the knowledge and experience an entrepreneur acquires from business exposes him to noting how government affects the private sector, which is the power source of economic growth that propels improvements in the living standards of citizens. It observed that Nigeria lacks in its previous leaders a very important element that is key to the success of individuals amounting altogether to the success of any nation that is keen to succeed which is entrepreneurship.