Food, shelter, air and water are the basic needs of man. Relatively, electricity is one of the critical infrastructures needed for economic growth of a state and country. Its importance is multifaceted as it affects every sector ranging from health, education, sports and economy. The lack of energy which many experts refer to as energy poverty results in high unemployment and general instability of a country’s economy. The government of Benue State under Governor Samuel Ortom knowing the importance of electricity and with the commitment to improve the state’s economy has not rested on it oars in providing electricity access to urban and rural dwellers of the state. Since Governor Samuel Ortom’s assumption into in 2015 and his reelection in 2019, urban and rural electrification has witnessed unprecedented improvement even in the midst of security and financial challenges. In the urban areas like Makurdi, Gboko and Otukpo, transformers have been procured, supplied and installed to serve the people efficiently. For example, the Mobile Barrack layout has been provided with electricity where hetherto it was in abject darkness. The Yaikyo layout is another classic example to point at. The area which now enjoys a good road can boast of a stable and clean electricity supply. This is the same and even more in the rural areas. Almost all the 23 local governments areas of the state have enjoyed rural electrification. This is very true as the installation of transformers, pools and cable tell the story themselves. Today, more than 100 rural electrification projects have been executed across the state. For instance, Governor Ortom has provided extension of electricity from Anvambe to Ako Village in Buruku LGA, electrification of Aokpe Pilgrim Center, Okpokwu LGA, Government Science and Technology School, Anyiin and Otukpa, electrification of Mbagoho Area “A” n Makurdi LGA. Others include electrification of Gbatse, Ushongo, LGA, extension of electricity go Government Secondary School, Garagboughul, Buruku LGA, electrification of Ogore village, Obi LGA, electrification of Ugboko -Ugbobi, Apa LGA,
extension of 33KV electricity from Tse-Agberagba to Wuese, Konshisha, rural electrification of Agboughul Community, Makurdi
Gbajimba, Guma, Construction of distribution network and installation of 2 No. 500KVA, 33/0.415KV transformer at Tse Agberagba Township, and Electrification of Epaegbo village, Ogbadibo LGA. However, this list is not exhaustive. With these urban and rural electrification projects the government has provided an infrastructure for new and existing businesses to thrive. For granting the citizen access to power it has expanded the number and variety of business and job opportunities available. This means that businesses, such as hair salons, laundromats and welders, all of which rely on energy, can function.
It also means that it has created new markets, businesses and job openings, which provide more opportunities for individuals to earn an income and lift themselves, their families and their communities out of poverty. Of course, the adverse impact of the lack of energy to a community and their economy is only better imagined. Today, these communities which have been provided with electricity are better of than they were when it was not provided. Their economies are better, young entrepreneurers are emerging as a result reducing crime and boosting productivity. This is what service to the people mean. Governor Ortom had made this promise and the results of his commitment are visible. While there is no iota of a doubt that no administration has provided electricity infrastructure to Benue people than what the Ortom’s administration has done and currently doing, one would only pray for the Governor to continue his quality service delivery to Benue people and even more. Benjamin Ngutsav writes from Agbeede, Konshisha LGA, Benue State.