The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused Ebonyi Stateb Governor, Dave Umahi, of unleashing terror on innocent Nigerians. The party condemned the attack on its members and other dissenting voices in the state. A statement on Sunday by National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, said Umahi “is using a heavily armed killer squad, disguising under the “Ebube Agu” security outfit, as a political weapon”. The spokesman lamented how the operatives have been “arresting and inflicting grievous bodily harm” on citizens and the opposition. “Since Gov Umahi made the error in his devastating adventure of moving from the PDP to the All Progressives Congress (APC), where he is unrecognized and frustrated, he has reportedly resorted to terrorizing innocent Nigerians,” he wrote. The scribe alleged that the governor was trying to create “fear, panic and siege mentality” in Ebonyi as a prelude to rigging the 2023 general elections. The PDP told Nigerians to note how Umahi “instigated the illegal arrest” of its Ebonyi Publicity Secretary, Chika Nwoba, and “kept him in detention without justification”. The party recalled that a PDP chieftain, former House of Representatives member, Linus Okorie, was declared wanted by the governor despite no accusation or charges. Ologunagba decried “the violation of fundamental human rights going on in Ebonyi” and urged Nigerians to hold Umahi and the APC responsible for “acts of violence and terrorism.” The PDP demanded the immediate and unconditional release of Nwoba and others detained in various facilities in the state. “We urge President Muhammadu Buhari, the National Security Adviser and the Police High Command to immediately step into the situation which is a serious threat to the security of Ebonyi in particular and that of the nation in general. “This is because any breakdown of law and order in Ebonyi State will have a ripple effect on the fragile security situation in the entire South East region of the country and beyond. “Governor Umahi must be called to order. He must learn to live with the consequences of his ill-advised decision. “He committed a political suicide by joining a party of “political bandits” and “warlords” where he has no future and should not vent his frustration on other Nigerians.” The statement informed Umahi and APC that no amount of intimidations, harassments, threats and attacks “will bend the will of the people to vote them out in 2023”.