The Nigerian Senate has challenged the military and other security agencies to closely monitor and effectively block the escape routes being used by bandits and fleeing terrorists to forestall their relocation to safe havens in the country. This was just as it urged the National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA, to provide food and other livelihood support amenities to affected villages and those that are internally displaced in Mariga, Mashegu, Kontagora and Borgu Local Government Areas in Niger North Senatorial District. The Senate resolutions followed a motion on “Renewed kidnappings and banditry attacks on communities in Mariga, Mashegu, Kontagora and Borgu Local Government Areas of Niger North Senatorial District.” Coming under Order 41 and 51 of the new Senate Standing Orders, the Deputy Whip, Senator Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi, bemoaned the disturbing trend of renewed kidnappings and banditry communities of Mariga, Mashegu and Kontagora Local Government Areas of Niger State. He recalled that, “Following the massive onslaught against criminal elements and bandits operating in eastern parts of Sokoto State and Zamfara, there was massive movement of these escaping bandits and their criminal elements into Niger State and specifically into Mariga local government area of Niger State. According to him, “These bandits continuously attacked communities in Mariga LGA leading to massive internal displacement of many communities. Currently Villagers have moved out of MaÚndu, Alabani, Sappaji in Berri Ward; over twenty villages are now empty in Galma/Wamba ward and scanty residents in Ukuru, Igoma, Maruba and Ruka villages in Bobbi Ward. “Communities that border Kaduna, Zamfara and Kebbi States located in Mariga LGA namely Galma, Makici, Makogi Na Maforo, Nassarawa, and Kwanan Duci are constantly being attacked by bandits and over 15 persons killed in Bobbi ward of Mariga Local Government Area. “Some notorious bandits in their numbers operated for hours in five villages on Friday, 14 January 2022, where several cattle were rustled as villagers fled their homes. “The bandits first attacked Tungan-Ruá village in the morning, later moved to Tungan Maje and also rustled cattle. “The same day they attacked Kawo Mashegu where two people were killed, four persons abducted and proceeded to attack Tungan Magaji village where several cattle were also taken away. “After several operations 17 persons were abducted including two persons delivering ransom. The same day Farin Shinge village a few kilometres away from Kontagora town was also attacked and two persons kidnapped,” he stressed. The lawmaker lamented that “the bandits are in the habit of burning down villages, burning farms with agricultural produce unharvested, stealing the home stored foods of villages they attack with the danger of those who brave the odds to go to their farms for harvest being killed or kidnapped”, adding that many villagers are now IDPs in places like Bangi, Mangoro and other safer locations with no food or amenities for their livelihoods. Senator Abdullahi recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari had ordered the nation’s Armed Forces for a major military operation in Niger State which has faced continued attacks on its communities by bandits and remnants of Boko Haram terrorists fleeing theatres of war in the Northwestern and Northeastern parts of the country.