Some Nigerians have reacted to the elimination of Super Eagles from the Africa Cup of Nations 2021. Nigeria crashed out of AFCON after a 0-1 loss to the North African side, Tunisia. A goalkeeping error from Maduka Okoye gave the Carthage Eagles the goal a few minutes into the second half. However, some Nigerians have blamed the loss on President Muhammadu Buhari for his video call with the Super Eagles earlier before the match. Others called out Super Eagles goalkeeper, Maduka Okoye for not saving the goal that gave the Tunisians the victory. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Opemidimeji “ This ref is biased, this game is rigged.” @Iamprajzed “ Uzoho is still our best goalkeeper. This fine boy never faced anything but I knew the moment he’s faced with shots, he’ll shrink. Oh yeah. You have it already.” @ToyosiGodwin “ Buhari can’t just get anything right. Called out players and now we are a mess.” @EditiEffiong “ When Eguavoen was taking off Iheanacho, I said it’s bad game management. When you’re playing knockout football, you wait before changes due to the potential of extra time.” @Iamubby “ The only football that’s giving us joy as Nigerian.E reach Buhari turn e thief am.” @Shola “Super Eagles won their 3 matches without video call from the president. Heard they had a video call with the president today.” @UgwunnaEjikem “ It’s also imperative to note that the Super Eagles are losing for the first time in this tournament after President Buhari spoke to them via Video Call.I prefer not to speak.” @Ajafrique “ On a normal day, a good goalkeeper will save that ball.The boys ready to drag Okoye this evening.” @JakeEjiro “ If we attempt to make use of Okoye as our World Cup keeper we won’t even qualify for the group stage.” @Asiwaju Lerry “ Wallahi na Big Brother Naija this Maduka Okoye suppose go, he has no business being Super Eagles goalkeeper.” @Sammiescot “Allowing Buhari speak to the players was the first mistake Super Eagles made.” @Sastune “ Tactical error from the coaches killed this game for the Eagles even after Okoye did his.” @Violenceaspic “ Immediately Buhari called those boys, I know say wahala don dey.” @Dinstots “ Overconfidence killed the Super Eagles.”