Nigerians have welcomed the year 2022 with optimism that the country will witness a total turnaround in security challenges and hardship experienced last year. Some of them spoke to DAILY POST shortly after crossing over to the New Year in Kaduna. Mr. James Audu, a resident in Kaduna called on the government at all levels to consider the plight of Nigerians and urgently take steps to restore hope and bright future in the country. According to him, “The year 2021 witnessed incessant killings, kidnappings and other criminal activities in every part of the country. Most communities in the country have been taken over by bandits leaving many displaced and have nothing to cater for their families that are living apart as a result of insecurity and other social vices in the country. “The year 2021 left many Nigerians to carry their cross. Many communities displaced in some parts of the country do not know anything called relief materials and as a result, hardly feed not to talk of other necessities of life.” On his part, Alhaji Mohammed Ahmadu, prayed that the year 2022 would be a year of total turnaround for Nigerians to have a sigh of relief from all they went through in the preceding year, adding that Nigerians need to unite against those causing insecurity and making life unbearable for the people. According to him, “The government of the day should appreciate the patience of Nigerians in spite of the rising prices of goods and take steps to regulate the prices so that prices of goods will not be increased indiscriminately.” He added that the government of the day should be responsive and responsible in dealing with the welfare of the citizens, saying, “what we see happening in the country is that our leaders only care about themselves, not minding what the ordinary man on the street is going through.” According to Mrs Angelina Bako, a businesswoman in Kaduna, what Nigerians are going through is enough reason for all irrespective of religion or tribe to unite and ensure credible leaders emerge in 2023 general elections in order to lead the country in the right direction. She stated that the country has not been fortunate to get honest leaders that have the citizens at heart, saying, “imagine what is happening in Southern Kaduna particularly in Atyap Chiefdom where a particular group of people are moving from village to village killing and destroying houses and foodstuffs with nobody coming to the rescue of the people but leaving them to suffer with their beloved ones being killed every day.” “We dream to see leaders that care for everyone irrespective of any difference. People should be treated equally so that together they will move for a united and peaceful society,” she explained. She prayed that the year 2022 would be a blessing year devoid of any problem, saying that those who are causing problems should be decisively dealt with in order to ensure sanity in the society.