There seems to be a crack within the ranks of The Osun Progressives, a group within the Osun State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) loyal to former Governor Rauf Aregbesola over the choice of a former Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Moshood Adeoti as the group’s preferred gubernatorial aspirant. Barring last minute changes, Moshood Adeoti will square up with Governor Gboyega Oyetola during February 19 Osun APC gubernatorial primary to determine the standard bearer of the APC. Adeoti had emerged as the group’s choice on Thursday after a meeting of all stakeholders in the group. He is preferred to former Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Lasun Yusuff and former Speaker of the State Assembly, Najeem Salaam. Inside sources within the group revealed to DAILY POST that the idea of dumping the winner of a shadow election held in January for someone who came second has been causing some discomfort within the group. Some members of the group are of the opinion that fielding a man who left the party in 2018 for the Action Democratic Party (ADP) against the incumbent governor will be counterproductive. A source, who craved anonymity, disclosed that, “many people are confused now. We don’t know how they arrived at Adeoti who came second during the shadow elections. Everyone believes that either Lasun or Salaam should be paired with Oyetola. Adeoti left the APC in 2018 to contest in the ADP. “You can see that social media is silent. Most of us are not comfortable and that is why no one is talking about it. We are supposed to be attacking them from all angles now but we are seriously confused right now.” Another source, who is a member of the Blue Movement, loyal to a former governor from Osun Central, said the choice of the former ADP candidate is not receiving the blessings of members of the group. “We are not happy with it. But we seem to have no option. The leaders considered the experience of Adeoti. You know he has moved from one local government to another and he is a known face in the APC struggle. So, we hope that will count for us. But the truth is that Lasun or Salaam should have been our choice,” he stated.