A group, under the aegis of the Concerned All Progressives Congress (APC) Youth Forum has warned the leadership of the party and the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami against imposition ahead of the party’s national convention slated for February 26. DAILY POST gathered that the governors elected on the platform of the party, the Caretaker committee of the party and party leaders are already meeting to ensure they come up with a consensus arrangement and a unity list for the February 26 convention. It was also gathered that some ministers in the cabinet of President Muhammadu Buhari are also believed to be working with the governors and the leaders of the party to zone various party positions and also foist a consensus arrangement. But, the Convener of the group, Mr. Owolabi Abdullahi in a statement issued on Monday, said that as a matter of urgency, Malami must desist from his ploy to dictate to members of the APC how to elect and whom to elect at the convention. He added: “Our firm position is that the APC as a party cannot afford the luxury of going into the 2023 general election in a rancorous manner, which would eventually lead to the disintegration of the party, and the consequent electoral defeat come 2023.” The group stressed that in recent times, Malami had been meddling in the affairs of the party, while allegedly using his office to intimidate and harass the current leadership of the party into submitting to his whims and caprices It pointed out that the recent events in the buildup to the party’s convention had called for concern from all stakeholders. It stated: “We are indeed concerned that a high ranking member of the government and the party in the mold of the Justice Minister would elect to undertake acts that are inimical to the ideals of the party, which are clearly outside his purview. “Mr Abubakar Malami, in recent times, has been meddling in the affairs of the party, using his office to cause intimidation and harassment to the current leadership of the party into submitting to his whims and caprices.” The group stressed that it found his actions worrisome and an indication that the forthcoming National convention of the party might be in jeopardy due to the unwholesome activities of party members who have elected to make imposition of candidates the new norm at the expense of the array of credible candidates.