Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide has claimed that the current security challenges facing the South-East is as a result of Igbo loyalty to Alhaji Atiku Abubakar in 2019. The Igbo group warned the former Vice President and other politicians that any promotion of the northern continuation in power after 8 years of President Muhammadu Buhari would be seen as callous, voracious and selfish. Ohanaeze was reacting to Atiku’s recent boastful stance of winning the 2023 PDP Presidential ticket again, describing such belief as nostalgic. The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation said that Atiku was only presenting himself as a desperate politician and is swimming against the political currents and tides of the moment. “Atiku has misread the mood of the nation ahead of 2023, and this miscalculation may retire him from partisan politics in 2023,” Ohanaeze said in a statement signed by its Secretary-General, Okechukwu Isiguzoro. He said, “Atiku has the constitutional rights to aspire to the office of President in 2023, but one had expected him not to rock the boat now that the odds are against him based on his age and his region. “He should not fight dirty or appear desperate for the presidency, rather it’s time for him to voluntarily quit partisan politics and take his rightful place in history as an elder statesman without being dishonored and disgraced. “Ndigbo had expected that Atiku Abubakar should support a younger person, for 2023, especially after the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike openly denounced Atiku’s proposal for him to be his running mate in 2023. It is enough message and signal to him that 2023 is exclusively reserved for a Southern President. “Atiku should search his conscience and support an Igbo in the PDP primaries to avert a disgraceful end of his political career. The Southern Nigerian leaders and Governors have vowed that it’s unhealthy for another northerner to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. “In 2019, Ndigbo showed enough loyalty to the PDP and Atiku Abubakar, and the present predicaments and penalties facing the Southeast today, was as a result of the support Ndigbo gave to Atiku and the PDP, but in 2023, Igbos will dump PDP if Atiku wins the PDP ticket. “Ohanaeze Ndigbo in alliance with other ethnic groups will ensure that any political party that refuses to zone their presidential ticket to the South will suffer in the 2023 presidential election, If Atiku continues, he will surely taste the venom of Nigerians in the PDP primaries and disgrace awaits him.”