The police in Ogun State have arrested and detained a graduating student of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta for being in possession of pregnancy test kit and contraceptives. The female student, Irenimofe Olanipekun, said she was picked up around Oluwo-Adigbe area of Abeokuta and placed behind bars after buying the items from a pharmacy. According to her, a policeman had on Friday stopped her to confirm what she had in a polythene bag in her hand. She said the policeman got her detained for having the test kit and contraceptive, saying, “They (the police) were just shouting why am I having sex; can’t I remain a virgin for my husband?” The 24-year-old Olanipekun stated that she was released about two hours after her arrest when her sister had already raised the alarm on the social media. She said that the pharmacist who sold the drug to her was arrested for questioning, but she was released few minutes after. The Ogun State police spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the police were only doing their duties by questioning her to know whether or not she had a doctor’s prescription to get the items. “The command has released her since morning. She was questioned if she has a doctor’s prescription,” Oyeyemi said. But Nigerians have condemned the action of the police, questioning when it became a crime to have sex or procure pills and test kits at age 24. Residents of Oluwo, who spoke to our correspondent, said the officers at Oluwo police post are “fond of illegal arrest to extort students and commercial motorcyclists” known as Okada riders. They called on the Ogun State Police Commissioner, Lanre Bankole to caution his men in Adigbe division and those posted to Oluwo. Meanwhile, MAPOLY Students’ Union Government has cautioned those trying to take undue advantage of Olanipekun’s arrest, saying the issue has been resolved. In a statement made available to our correspondent on Sunday, the MAPOLY SUG President, Babatunde Adeola, said: “The Students’ Union President of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic received a distress call that one of our students was arrested by the police. She was accused of buying pregnancy test strip and post pills (contraceptive drugs); as reported by her sister, a resident of Lagos State and some concerned students of the school. “We hereby urge you all to disregard the false information spreading round as regards to the matter. No lawyer was involved in the issue. The drug with her was only postpill and nothing more. The student’s bail was granted immediately after the Students’ Union President, Comrade Babatunde Adeola, visited the police station for intervention. “Our attention has been drawn to some unknown elements trying to make use of the story for personal and financial gain, and we call on Ogun State Police command to disregard anyone trying to make issue out of none from the story as the case has been settled. “Disregard any counter story to the narration above, and also do away with sharing false information.”