The Senator representing Plateau North, Istifanus Gyang, has said President Muhammadu Buhari signed the amended Electoral Act under intense pressure by Nigerians. He equally said if the President had vetoed the bill for a second time, nothing would have stopped the National Assembly from overriding him. Gyang disclosed this in an interview with journalists in Jos, the Plateau State capital, while monitoring the conduct of the Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency bye-election in the state. He said, “Signing into law the amended Electoral Act by the President has been long in waiting, because for us at the National Assembly, we have been longing to give Nigeria an electoral process that is credible, transparent and where the outcome of the election will reflect the reality and the will of the people. “We want to appreciate the President for at least conceding under pressure to the will and wish of Nigerians. “We the members of the National Assembly were waiting to see what he will do and he has just done what would have saved him an embarrassment otherwise, we would have gone ahead to override him if he had vetoed the bill.” Gyang, who is the Deputy Chairman Senate Committee on Defence, commended Nigerian citizens, particularly the civil Society for sustaining pressure on the President to sign into law the Electoral Act which he described as a very critical responsibility placed on the President by the constitution. He expressed gratitude that Nigeria now has an Electoral Act that empowers INEC to perform its duty judiciously as an election umpire. Also speaking, Member representing Jos South/Jos East in the House of Representatives, Hon. Dachung Musa Bagos said the Electoral Act would give Nigerians a free, fair and credible election in 2023. “Now that the Electoral Act has been signed into law, we expect that the 2023 election should be one of the best free and fair elections Nigeria has ever had. “We have had a lot of laws but at the end of the day, a lot but nobody has ever been brought to book when they go against the law and by this, we expect that all elections would be in accordance with the law,” he said. He explained that the electoral act has exonerated members of the National Assembly from the perception of a section of the country who see them as a rubber stamp assembly.