An Enugu State High Court has sentenced a former Revenue Officer with the National Orthopedic Hospital, Enugu State, Mrs. Dorothy Chigozie Amalili, to three years imprisonment, over N4.6 million fraud. The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) had dragged Amalili to court for diverting N4,644,030.00 belonging to the hospital into personal use. The Commission, in an amended 6-count charge, had accused her of knowingly furnishing false statements in respect of money received in order to conceal her actions while performing official duties as a revenue officer. ICPC in a statement issued Wednesday, said its Counsel, Enosa Omoghibo, averred before the court that her offences which were committed between February 2017 and December 2018, were contrary to Section 16 of the ICPC Act, 2000 and punishable under the same section of the Act. The commission said Amalili, while performing her duties, would write the actual amounts collected from patients on the original copy of the receipts, while writing lesser amounts on the duplicate and triplicate copies of the same receipts kept in the Accounts Department for audit purposes. The anti-graft agency said this enabled her to remit a lesser sum of money than the actual amount collected to the hospital, thereby fraudulently retaining the difference. ICPC said Amalili through this deceitful means, was able to defraud the hospital the sum of N4.6 million over a period of time. Justice Okpe, at the conclusion of the trial, found her guilty on all six counts. He, therefore, sentenced her to six months imprisonment for each of the counts which will run concurrently. The convict was also given an option of a fine in lieu of a custodial sentence by the trial judge for being a Person Living with Disability (PLWD). Her right leg had been amputated due to a diabetic foot ulcer. The sentencing further includes the convict making a refund of the entire sum she embezzled to the National Orthopedic Hospital, Enugu. The court ordered her to refund the balance of N4,544,030.00 to the hospital after an initial repayment of N100,000. The money will be taken from her Pension Funds domiciled with IBTC Pensions into the ICPC Recovery Account under the TSA as recovery for and on behalf of the hospital.