Some top officials of the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN) are concurrently being probed by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related Offences Commission (ICPC), DAILY POST gathered. Some officials of the union told this medium that the officials are being investigated by the two anti-graft agencies over fraud and money laundering. Sources within the union said that the FCT head of admin of ASCSN, Comrade Isaac Ojemhenke, has been in the EFCC net since Monday 7th February 2022 and was just been granted bail on Saturday 12th 2022. It was gathered that ICPC has also arrested and detained Comrade Salami Funmilayo Victoria, the chief typist of the union, and Comrade Akorede Fatai, the chief accountant. These two principal officers of the union have however been released on bail by the ICPC. The sources added that all officers in the accounts section of the union are currently under probe. It was also revealed that some top senior principal officials of the union have been invited by both EFCC and ICPC. The sources added that the treasurer of the union, Comrade Rahad Maigari had earlier appeared before ICPC and is still under probe. The secretary-general of the union, Comrade Alade Bashir Lawal, had before now been probed by the ICPC and the EFCC. Among those earlier arrested include Comrade Joseph Meshech, the Kwara State secretary of the Union, and Comrade Joseph Apebo, the deputy secretary-general of the union. Former acting Chairman of ASCSN in Oyo State, Comrade Andrew Emelieze, when contacted confirmed the development to DAILY POST on Wednesday. He said that the union has been engulfed in numerous deep crises. He said, “At the national level, close to 25 young workers in the union”s secretariat were unjustly retrenched by the union and the sacked workers were denied their severance benefits except they agree to the uncivil and anti-labour conditionality of the union, of which the disengaged staff have contested, and equally contested their retrenchment. “As part of the crisis that rocked the union is the refusal of the union’s secretary-general, Comrade Alade Bashir Lawal, to retire at the mandatory retirement age of 60 years as stated in the constitution of the union and the civil service rules. It got messier when Lawal dragged on to remain in office till he clocked 65 years old and still manipulated his way to remain in office at over 65 years old against the wishes of the union’s constitution and that of the congress. “The Congress of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria commend the ICPC and the EFCC for the probing of the billionaire workers’ union. It is our hope that these investigations will put an end to the large scale looting in ASCSN. We the members of the union are following the investigations and hopefully wait that all the stolen wealth of the union be returned to the association”.