Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has told Vice President Professor Yemi Osinbajo that his 2019 initiative to bring to an end the alleged killing in the Christian dominated Southern Kaduna has failed. It said the failure was as a result of lack of will power on the side of the Federal Government to take the right action to end the continued crisis in the area. HURIWA questioned the rationale for government to give presidential treatment to Miyatti Allah Cattle Breeders Association, MACBAN, when, according to it, the group should have for long been declared a terrorist group. The rights group alleged that the leaders of MACBAN are being accorded high profile security cover and protection by the government. Recall that shortly before the re-election of President Muhammadu Buhari and Osinbajo in 2019, the Vice President initiated what he called a peace meeting with the warring parties, to end the lingering bloody conflicts between herdsmen and farmers in Kaduna State. And HURIWA in a statement signed by its national coordinator, Emmanuel Onwubiko, on Sunday, said that Osinbajo and his boss, President Buhari were insincere and very cosmetic in their approaches towards finding the systematically legal based solutions to what it described as the one sided terrorism against Christian farmers by armed Fulani terrorists. HURIWA said virtually all local government areas making up Southern Kaduna were still being attacked and the natives killed, maimed and their properties destroyed or taken over by the aggressors who are Fulani. HURIWA pointed out that the only time Buhari visited Southern Kaduna was just to commission a small road network leading to the palace of the Emir of Jamaa in Kafanchan. According to the rights group, the President created the impression that his government is not concerned about what is happening to the people of Southern Kaduna. HURIWA said it was impossible for the office of the Vice President to make any headway in the area of inter-ethnic and inter-religious peace and harmony in Southern Kaduna so far as President Buhari and Governor Nasir El-Ruffai were less concerned.