Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has congratulated the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chairmen and councillors- elect in the just concluded Federal Capital Territory(FCT) council polls held on Saturday, February 12th, 2022. “I want to congratulate all the candidates of our great party, the PDP in the Saturday council polls for their show of strength and resilience. I want to particularly congratulate the chairmen-elect of AMAC, Christopher Zakka; Kuje, Suleman Sabo and John Gabaya of Bwari Area councils for their victories at the polls”, Ortom stated. The governor, who was the chairman of the PDP Campaign Council for the FCT election, said: “Yesterday’s election in the FCT is a sound note of warning to the APC that the time for playing games with the destiny of Nigeria is over. The people whose mandate we hold in trust have spoken. And I am convinced that this is just the beginning.” The Governor charged the newly elected council officials “to prepare to serve the people of your respective local government councils diligently, knowing fully well that you all have the full support of the entire hierarchy of the PDP across the country. I am convinced that you will make our great party proud.” He added: “by this victory, it is a signpost that power is now returning to the people of this country who will use it effectively in rescuing Nigeria at the centre and throughout Nigeria from the damage done to our collective psyche by the APC controlled federal government. “On behalf of the PDP campaign council for the FCT elections, let me congratulate the entire PDP family, particularly our Governors, the National leadership of our great party and stakeholders in the FCT for the support given us to achieve this success. “Together, we shall rescue Nigeria and rebuild it now and the generation yet unborn.” Governor Ortom however said that the party has put its legal team on the alert to look into reported electoral infractions in some councils and will not hesitate to approach the election tribunal to seek redress and reclaim its mandate.