The Chief Judge of the Federal High Court, Justice John Tsoho has hinted on changing the venue for the trial of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Justice Tosho explained that the decision was to prevent the non-interruption of other pending cases in court. Kanu is facing terrorism charges before Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court. During proceedings involving Kanu, the court premises is usually besieged by the agitator’s followers, occasioned by heavy security presence. Most times, security operatives prevent other lawyers from gaining access into the court premises during Kanu’s proceedings. Condemning the situation, Tsoho said the court is trying to get urgent solution to the issue. He spoke while playing host to the newly elected executives of the Abuja Chapter of the Nigerian Bar Association in his office. According to Tsoho: “Its not really the making of the court. It is something foisted on us, it is security arrangement that causes this problem. So, you find a situation where a trial is coming up involving an individual and a whole lot of communities leave their businesses to besiege the court. “It is a worrisome development to all of us the courts, counsel and parties. “Its not really the making of the court. It is something foisted on us, it is security arrangement that causes this problem. So, you find a situation where a trial is coming up involving an individual and a whole lot of communities leave their businesses to besieged the court. “It is worrisome, but you can’t prevent them. So how to manage it has been challenging to us. We are even trying to think of some solutions. If you observed, for those who were here when the matter came up, but of course, the roads were free because the matter was shifted to late afternoon. “What will ultimately happen is that, we are exploring the possibility of shifting the venue of the trial. That will be the best way out, otherwise, if the trial continues here, it will interfere with our business. We have 11 courts here but it is only one court that is trying Kanu. “And anytime the case comes up, the other courts cannot function. It is really not a good development. But I can assure you that we have actually gone far in finding a solution to it.”