A former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Sen. Pius Anyim Pius, and a former Governor of Ebonyi State, Sen. Sam Egwu, on Tuesday, said the Ebonyi State House of Assembly can’t get 2/3 majority to impeach the Deputy Speaker, Mr. Odefa Obasi. Senator Anyim, who is a presidential aspirant under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, made this known while addressing stakeholders and members of the party during an enlarged meeting of the party that took place in Abakaliki, the capital of Ebonyi State. The former Senate President expressed optimism that the remaining fifteen lawmakers in Ebonyi State House of Assembly will by next week defect from the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, to the PDP. The presidential aspirant insisted that Obasi, who was allegedly removed by fifteen lawmakers, remains the authentic Deputy Speaker of the House. He further stated that the PDP would soon take over the leadership of the House of Assembly, just as he accused the fifteen lawmakers of trying to control everything in the House. Also, in a remark, a former Governor of Ebonyi State, Senator Sam Egwu urged PDP supporters to remain committed to the sole agenda of the party. On his part, the State Chairman of the PDP, Mr. Tochukwu Okorie accused the fifteen APC lawmakers in the State of alleged forgery of the signatory of Odefa Obasi, with intent to declare his position vacant and elect another person to replace him. According to him: “The disgraceful document flying around purporting to be a resignation letter by the Honourable Deputy Speaker is nothing but an act of forgery perpetrated by no less a person than the (former) Speaker of the EBHA, Hon. Francis Ogbonnaya Nwifuru, leading a handful of other members. “It is a huge a shame that the leadership of the House could descend into such petty crimes and criminality to commit forgery and perjury, telling brazen lies, all in an effort to victimize the Deputy Speaker for daring the demigod of Ebonyi Government House by reaffirming his membership of our great party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP.” “It is important to reiterate that the PDP Ebonyi State will leave no stone unturned in our determined and spirited effort to restore normalcy, law and order in the Ebonyi State House of Assembly and bring to justice all those who have conspired and have committed such heinous crimes, bringing the State’s institution of democracy to disrepute,” he vowed.