The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Saturday, accused Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State and security agencies of masterminding secret genocide in the State. IPOB spokesman, Emma Powerful, said Nigerian security agents and Southeast security outfit, Ebubeagu have allegedly killed several innocent youths in the State. Powerful alleged that they killed innocent youths in Orsu and Orlu Local Government Areas of the State. In a statement he signed, Powerful said: “We, the global movement and family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader and prophet Mazi Nnamdi KANU, hereby, raise the alarm over the incessant, abductions and killings going on in Imo State and other states in the South East region by Nigeria security agents employed by the supreme Court Administrator of Imo State Hope Uzodinma and his criminal allies. “The criminal gangs of the infamous Ebubeagu security outfit with the joint taskforce of compromised Nigeria Army and police have eliminated scores of innocent youths in many communities in Orsu and Orlu LGAs of Imo State. Those who were lucky to escape their bullets they chased out of their ancestral land. Women and children were not spared in this brutal wickedness.” Powerful also listed communities affected by the killings in Imo State. He added: “The list of hapless communities affected by the evil action of Hope Uzodinma and his partners in crime include but not limited to the following: “Oboh Umutanze, Attah, Okporo, Amaifeke, Ihioma, Ama-azu, Amannachi. “Nnempi, Akata, Orsuihiteukwa, Umutanze “It is imperative to call Hope Uzodinma and his criminal gang to order and ask him why he used soldiers and police personnel to eliminate innocent Imo youths. Mortuaries across Imo State especially in Owerri are filled with unclaimed corpses who are buried in mass grave or destroyed with acid from time to time. The atrocities committed by Hope Uzodinma extends to many communities in the South Eastern region. “We are asking Hope Uzodinma and his APC party Why do they derive joy in killing innocent Biafra youths in a cold-blood while Fulani bandits and terrorists go unchallenged in their killing spree across Nigeria? What crime did Imo youths commit to deserve the on-going secret genocide in the state?” IPOB urged the United Nations, America, British High Commissioners, Israeli Ambassador, German Ambassador, French Ambassador, Canadian Ambassador, Japanese Ambassador, Australian Ambassador, Amnesty International to investigate the alleged killings of youth in Imo State. “We call on the United Nations, America, British High Commissioner, Israeli Ambassador, German Ambassador, French Ambassador, Canadian Ambassador, Japanese Ambassador, Australian Ambassador, Amnesty International, Intersociety groups, Human Rights Watch and all Human Rights Organisations across the globe to send investigation team to these communities and find out what the situation is. “They will confirm to their amazement that nobody is dwelling in these communities. Imo youths and people have been indiscriminately and mercilessly killed by Fulani terrorist soldiers deployed in Imo State by the federal government in collaboration with Hope Uzodinma. “The incessant killing of the youths of these communities has turned the affected communities into Ghost towns. IPOB is out now to expose these atrocities committed by Hope Uzodinma, Nigeria Army and police including Ebubeagu security outfit. “It’s too appalling that Ebubeagu security outfit would join hands in killing our people and call them unknown gunmen. History will judge them all,” he added.