Ahead of the Ekiti State governorship election slated for June 18, 2022, the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Iyorchia Ayu, has said there is no better candidate for the election than its candidate, Bisi Kolawole. Ayu stated this on Tuesday in Abuja while speaking during the presentation of the Certificate of Return to Kolawole who emerged as the party’s candidate. He described Kolawole as a perfect gentleman who knows the rudiments of Ekiti State politics haven gone through the state house of assembly, as civil commissioner and later the state chairman of the party. Ayu said “Bisi Kolawole has seen all as a politician. He is a perfect fit as our candidate. He was a member of the state house of assembly, he was a commissioner in the state also and later PDP Ekiti State Chairman. So, Kolawole is a good breed politician. “Let me appeal to our brothers and sisters in Ekiti state to put behind all their grievances and work towards the success of our party. It is only when we win that we can sit down and talk better.” Also speaking, the Delta State Governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa representing the PDP Governors Forum and Professor Jerry Gana who also stood in for the Board of Trustees (BoT) assured the party stakeholders from Ekiti of total support of the forum and the BoT. They acknowledged that “winning Ekiti and Osun states is a gateway to sending the All Progressives Congress out of Aso Rock.” Responding shortly after receiving the certificate, Kolawole thanked the National Working Committee for their efforts at ensuring that the party wins the Ekiti governorship election. He said, “I want to sincerely thank our national leaders for putting our party in the right direction. Let me assure you all that my emergence is the binging of the PDP revolution in Ekiti state. “Ekiti state has been on steady progress before the interruption of the All Progressives Congress. Now, there is suffering, hunger, security problems, pensioners are dying, all these we will change when I enter as governor of Ekiti state”.