Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has once again reacted to the burning of his mango farm by some miscreants in Benue State, saying he would bounce back. Obasanjo also said the people of Benue must not be judged by this action of the few miscreants, in Gwer East Local Government area of Benue. The former President said his investment would not be deterred by the burning of the 17000 mango tree plantations, saying he would bounce back and increase the direct workforce from a meagre 150 to over 1000. In a statement made available to DAILY POST by his Special Assistant on Media, Kehinde Akinyemi, Obasanjo said the incident was “not the true reflection of the people of Benue State, pleading that “the action should not scare away investors, because Benue people are very accommodating and friendly.” Obasanjo, spoke on Friday while hosting a delegation from the Benue community, where the farm is located, at his Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library, in Abeokuta, Ogun State, The delegation, led by the Chairman of the Gwer East Traditional Council, Dr. Dominc Akpe, was accompanied by the House of Assembly member representing Gwer East Constituency, Hon Geoffrey Agbatse, Chairman Gwer East Local Government, Hon Ortserga Emmanuel among others. They had visited the Ogun State capital to emphatise with Obasanjo, who lamented that the dastardly act, had delayed the vision he had for the project. He decried the incident, saying what happened was not the best for the state and the community. “If the government has not paid any compensation to any family or that they have not been adequately compensated, burning of the farm was not the best to do,” he advised. The Balogun Owu revealed that his plan for the project was to provide at least 1,000 jobs directly, both on the farm and when the processing factory takes off, stressing that the loss was for both the investors and the 150 employees. He assured the Benue leaders that, “we are not going to leave the area. We are looking at what we can do when the rain starts.” In his words, the leader of the delegation, Akpe, noted that some of those that perpetrated the act had been arrested. Akpe appealed to the octogenarian not to lose hope despite the arson, informing him that, “We have identified other parcels of land and when we are able to strike an agreement with the host communities, request you to expand the farm to other parts of the local government.”