Amid heightened tension over massive defection of aggrieved members of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ekiti State, a faction loyal to Senator Biodun Olujimi, on Tuesday said it would make its decision known on Sunday. Olujimi disclosed this in Ado-Ekiti, after a meeting with members of her faction to deliberate on alleged shoddy treatment and injustice meted out to her in the PDP governorship primaries and the resultant post-primary crisis. Olujimi, who contested the shadow poll, but later pulled out of the governorship race over alleged irregularities, said that whether to stay or leave the opposition PDP is a decision to be collectively made after due consultation and deliberation would have been concluded. She said that his faction had constituted a committee under the chairmanship of former acting governor, Tunji Odeyemi, to consult widely with her loyalists in all the 16 local government areas and turn in its report. The Senator representing the Ekiti South Senatorial District, said his faction’s next line of political action would depend on the recommendations of the report to be submitted in the coming days, which will be made public. “Well, we just came to hold a meeting with some people to brief them about happenings in the party. You Know, there were erroneous beliefs over the time of having been betrayed by the leadership of the group. “So, we have briefed them and told them of the situation on ground and they told us of what they think and their feelings. And we decided to set up a committee headed by former acting governor, Tunji Odeyemi with a timeline of three days to report back to us on what the large house has agreed to do. And then we will have a larger meeting on Sunday where we will make a proper decision and what we will do. “There are options on the table. One that we would all go and kneel down and beg former governor Ayodele Fayose that we have sin and we are returning back to his fold. Two, that we should pull out of the party. And we say that can’t be done in a hurry because tempers are high and we need them to calm down to be able to talk and hold a big meeting on Sunday when we would announce to the public where we are going. “We are no longer children and we have been in this business for quite some time now. If it is a former governor that is a sitting Senator, can they do what has happened to me? No. My gender has affected and beyond that the fact that people take everybody for granted has also affected all of us. You can’t take people for granted,” she added.