The Timi of Ede, Oba Munirudeen Lawal, has raised the alarm over the spate of killings by hoodlums in the town, calling for urgent government intervention. Lawal, at a news conference in Ede, Osun, on Thursday, said that the security situation in the town was pathetic and unbearable. According to him, though insecurity is a global phenomenon, adding that it is very alien to the people of Ede until recently. The traditional ruler sympathized with the families whose relatives were killed, maimed and houses razed by rival cult groups, urging them to leave vengeance to God. Lawal said he had never reneged in his responsibilities to secure lives and property of the people, adding that several efforts were being made to arrest the situation. He expressed concern that undisclosed personal grudge between individual members of OPC, National Hunters Association, Ya Salam Vigilante Group and the cultists metamorphosed into the crisis the community was encountering. “Ede, in the past is known to be one of the most peaceful cities in the country, the land that used to shield, accommodate and protect other cities in and around it from terrorists. “But now, the community members are being threatened physically, psychologically, emotionally and economically. “Nobody can sleep with his or her eyes closed; presently in Ede, the sun sets at dawn. “It is, therefore, very imperative that the government and other security stakeholders swing into action to avoid further loss of lives and property,” he said. The traditional ruler further said that it was very uncultured to see human blood flowing in the daylight as life had no meaning to the intoxicated blood suckers. “I wish to reiterate here that all efforts made in the past are in the best interest of my community without favouring either of the warring groups. “I have never given supportive assistance to any of the dissidents. “The Timi-in-Council has continued to make efforts at prevailing on the two sides to embrace peace and peaceful coexistence,” he said. When contacted, the Osun Police Public Relation Officer, SP Yemisi Opalola, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the police were aware and working round the clock to arrest the situation. Opalola appealed to residents of the town to provide police with useful information that could lead to the arrest of the hoodlums. “We need information, we are not spirits and we cannot be everywhere. “We have been looking for the people and in the process, some of our officers have been killed,” she said. The spokesperson promised that the police would continue to look for the culprits.