A group, Advocate for Social Justice, has appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari-led government to return the travelling documents of the leader of the Islamic movement in Nigeria, Sheikh Ibraheem Zakzaky and that of his wife, Malama Zeenatuddin Ibrahim on humanitarian grounds. The group told the government that the couple needed their travelling documents to proceed for medical treatment abroad following their prison ordeal. The group noted that they have been discharged and acquitted by the Kaduna State High Court of the charges levelled against them. Its Publicity Secretary, Mr Segun Fanimo, in a statement said that even President Muhammadu Buhari takes time off from duty to attend to his health situation outside Nigeria. “So there is no justification to deny the Shiite leader the right to go to any country to attend to his worsening health condition.” The statement added, “As you are aware, it has been over six months since the leader of the Islamic Movement, Sheikh Ibraheem Zakzaky and his wife were acquitted and discharged by Kaduna State High Court, after spending almost six years in illegal detention.” DAILY POST recalls that Justice Gideon Kurada had, in his ruling delivered on July 30, 2021, upheld the no-case submission by the counsel to the Zakzaky’s, Mr Femi Falana SAN. The couple who were arrested in December 2015 was in the custody of the DSS before they were transferred to the Kaduna Correctional Centre facility. The statement noted that the medical situation of the couple was not properly handled in addition to gunshot injuries and other health complications that require serious intervention; as a result of which their health condition woefully deteriorated from bad to worse. The group said the couple’s health condition has further deteriorated as the Sheikh now limps and his wife, Malama Zeenatuddin Ibrahim confined to a wheelchair. It called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the Attorney General of the Federation to release the Sheikh and his wife’s travel documents so they can seek medical attention abroad. The statement alleged that the couple lost six of their children in less than two years and over a thousand of his followers were killed and buried in mass graves during their daily Free Zakzaky protests in Abuja.