Chairman, Senate Committee on Petroleum Resources Upstream, Senator Bassey Albert Akpan, has raised the alarm over the murder of two of his strong supporters and the fatal attack on another of his supporter in Akwa Ibom State. Senator Akpan, who is a frontline 2023 governorship aspirant in the state, stated this in a statement issued to journalists in Uyo, on Wednesday. He noted that the onslaught against his supporters has become a dangerous trend and urged relevant security agencies to investigate the matter and ensure that perpetrators are brought to book. Akpan recalled the murder of his strong supporter, Mr. Augustine Ekanem from Ibiono Ibom also known as ‘Talk and Laugh’, leader of the group, OBA IS THE BEST,’ who was brutally assassinated in a filling station along Atiku Abubarker way, Uyo. He also recalled the attack on Mr. Idongesit Ezekiel Idiok popularly known as “Soundcraft” from Essien Udim who luckily escaped death but sustained injuries from gunshots. The governorship aspirant also noted that another of his supporter, Emmanuel Bassey popularly known as Emma B, was gruesomely murdered describing the murder as “one killing too many,” saying his death must not be glossed over nor swept under the carpet. According to the statement, “Without leaning on any conspiracy theory, I hereby charge the security agencies to, as a matter of urgency; do all within their powers to unravel the circumstances surrounding the needless murder of Emma B. The perpetrators of this heinous crime, no matter their status in the society, must be brought to account and soon too.” Senator Akpan said his campaigns are issue based and he would resist every attempt to be drawn into either verbal or physical attacks or violence on anyone and urged his supporters to remain calm, resolute and focused power belongs to God and He gives it to whoever He pleases. While praying the good Lord to grant the family of Chief Emah, his friends and allies as well as the campaign organization the fortitude to bear this great loss, he promised to stand by his family through this moment of grief and after.