A social media user, Godwin Okpala has explained why about 20 persons in the Ebenebe community of Awka North Local Government Area, Anambra State, were killed at the funeral of a suspected cultist. Persons suspected to be members of a rival cult group had invaded the burial venue of Ozor Chibuike Chukwuka, a 34-year-old cultist, dispersing mourners, while killing about 20 persons. Okpala, who claims to hail from the same community as Chukwuka, in a social media post said the notorious cultist was killed on 30th December 2021 at Amansea.  He said the rival cult which killed Ozor had warned his family members not to organize a befitting burial for him as he was not worthy of it, instead he should be buried as a nobody. He also said that Ozor was a notorious cultist who had severally led attacks on the police and its facilities and was highly dreaded during his lifetime. The post by Okpala said: “This is the man, Ozor Chibuike Chukwuka, that brought about the killing of over 20 persons in his burial. “He is from my town. He was a member of a strong cult, he was feared by all, and very dangerous. He was even among those that led gangs to kiII police, burn their stations and cart their guns away. “Many of our people were hailing him, then later he died by the sword, he was shot dead in December, and his rival gangs warned that he should not be given a proper burial. They warned that if they do, many heads will fall, and it did fall. “They (rival cult) carried out their threat. And now many innocent people that knew nothing were among the dead. My own cousin was among the dead. Very bad day in Ebenebe.” Though the Anambra State Police Command said it has deployed men of the command in various tactical units to Ebenebe to secure the people, there is no news of any arrest yet. When DAILY POST enquired from the spokesperson of the command, DSP Toochukwu Ikenga, on the latest in the matter, he promised to reach men of the command in the area for information, before getting back to our correspondent. As of the time of filing this report, he was yet to provide any information. 