The Akwa Ibom State Government has secured bail for six poor inmates convicted of minor offences across the three senatorial districts of the state. The beneficiaries, who were drawn from Uyo, Ikot-Ekpene and Eket custodial centres, were initially given options of fines of N60,000 but they could not pay which made them remain in custody for over one year. In a statement signed by the Public Relations Officer of the state corrections service, DSC Ogbajie Ogbajie, and made available to journalists in Uyo, the state capital, the bail bond was paid by the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, Dr Ini Adiakpan. He noted that the commissioner’s action was in fulfilment of the promise she made when she visited the correctional centres in the state recently. He said those qualified for the gesture were inmates who committed minor and bailable offences but did not have money to meet with options of fine given to them. He further said the commissioner, while giving out the money, advised the beneficiaries to steer clear of activities that would bring them back to the custodial centres. The statement in parts, “Out of love for human development and rehabilitation, the Hon. Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Welfare, Dr Ini Adiakpan has facilitated the release from custody of some indigent inmates convicted of minor offences and were remanded in different Custodial Centres in the State. “The act was in fulfilment of the promise she made during her visit to Correctional Centers in the state recently.” Speaking in an interview, the discharged inmates thanked the Commissioner for coming to their aid by paying their fines and setting them free from incarceration. They said since their families could not afford to pay their fines, they had to serve their jail term. They expressed remorse and regret indulging in criminal activities which landed them in jail. The ex-offenders promised to be of good behaviour and law-abiding. They advised young people to shun criminal lifestyles and be productive to themselves and the society at Large. Two of the released inmates, Aniekan Samuel and Akaninyene Sampson, said they stole somebody’s clothes and the court gave them the option to pay a fine of N60000 each but they were unable to.