Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigeria Football Federation, NFF, on Monday, announced the appointment of coaches for the senior national team. The national football administrative body retained Austin Eguavoen as the coach of the Super Eagles. 2. At least 44 persons have been killed by gunmen suspected to be Boko Haram in parts of Shiroro and Munya LG Areas of Niger State in renewed attacks on the areas. In an attack on Galadinma Kolgo, Erena, Chukuba, and Allawa in Shiroro LGA on Saturday, the gunmen allegedly killed 27 persons, mostly women and children and also kidnapped 31 persons. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Zamfara State has endorsed the presidential ambition of Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Tambuwal. The exco led by Col. Bala Mande (rtd.), noted that since “Sokoto PDP and Zamfara PDP are one”, Tambuwal is their preference. 4. Despite the rumoured presidential ambition of Bauchi State Governor, Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, about 500 Muslim clerics drawn from the 20 local government areas of the State have chosen to pray for Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello’s ambition. 5. Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has debunked news of his purported plan to announce his presidential bid ahead of the 2023 elections after the All Progressives Congress, APC, convention. Osinbajo through his spokesman, Laolu Akande, clarified via his Twitter handle that the report making the rounds that the VP would declare soon is false and speculative snippets. 6. The police in Lagos, on Friday, arraigned a 25-year old man, Haruna Jimoh, for allegedly abducting a 12-year-old girl and turning her into a sex slave. The accused is currently standing trial at the Ogba Chief Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, charged with abduction and rape. 7. Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has said the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) must take over power because Nigeria is bleeding. Wike, who spoke in Kaduna when he visited former Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Ahmed Mohammed Makarfi, called on members of the party to unite ahead of 2023. 8. A magistrate’s court sitting at Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport in Kano has sentenced Kannywood actress, Sadiya Haruna, to six months in prison without an option of fine. She was arraigned before the court on charges of defaming her ex-boyfriend and singer, Isa A. Isa. 9. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has said its members in universities across the country will embark on another strike soon if the Federal Government fails to implement the Memorandum of Action it signed with the union last year. The union urged the general public to hold the government responsible if the public universities are shut down. 10. The Parish Priest of Holy Trinity Catholic Church, Ewu-Owa Gberigbe in Ikorodu, Lagos, Rev. Fr. James Anelu, has been “suspended” for banning Igbo songs and choruses in his parish. The Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos, Alfred Martins, in a “disclaimer”, directed the priest to proceed on “an indefinite leave of absence”.