An Osun High Court in Ikirun on Wednesday remanded five members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) faction loyal to the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, in Ilesa Correctional Centre over the clash between them and loyalists of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola in Ikirun on Tuesday. The five members are 38-year-old Akinlade Abayomi, 25-year-old Sodiq Atitebi, 28-year-old Azeez Adejimi, 36-year-old Solomon Alatayo, and 68-year-old Siju Oyewumi. DAILY POST gathered that they were arraigned and slammed with a three-count charge on conspiracy, unlawful society, attempted murder and conduct likely to cause a breach of peace in the town. Reading out the charge, the police prosecutor, Inspector Jacob Akintunde, stated, “The five members and others now at large had on Tuesday, February 1, 2022, at 1:45 pm at Ikirun in Ifelodun Local Government Area of Osun State conspired among themselves to wit unlawful society with intent to kill one Fatai Asimiyu by inflicting machete cuts on his head.” Akintunde disclosed that the offences contravened Section 516, 320 (1) and 249 (d) of the Criminal Code Cap. 34 Vol. II Laws of Osun State Nigeria 2002 to which the defendants pleaded not guilty. The defence counsel, Olatunbosun Oladipupo, however, made an oral application for bail for the accused on the most liberal terms which was opposed to by the prosecution. Oladipupo argued that other suspects in connection with the crime are still at large and the matter may eventually lead to murder as the wounded person is in the hospital battling for his life. The presiding Magistrate, Asimiyu Adebayo, ordered that the five defendants be remanded in Ilesha Corrections Facility and adjourned hearing on the case till February 23, 2022. Trouble started when Aregbesola’s loyalists engaged in fisticuffs with loyalists of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola on Tuesday afternoon. It was gathered that the minister’s loyalists, who belong to the Rasaq Salinsile faction of the party, were holding their federal constituency tour meeting in Ikirun at an open ground beside the Ifelodun Local Government Council Secretariat when the Oyetola side came on two different occasions to launch attacks on them.