The identity of one of the victims of Thursday’s armed robbery attack in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital has been revealed. DAILY POST had earlier reported that some armed robbers had on Thursday afternoon attacked a bullion van. The bullion van was hijacked at Idi-Ape area of Ibadan. Our correspondent gathered that two policemen were said to have been killed during the incident. Some innocent citizens were also killed during the incident. Other victims of the attack who sustained various degrees of injuries are still at various hospitals responding to treatment. Investigation by DAILY POST Thursday evening has revealed the identity of one of those who lost their lives. The deceased was identified by his close associates as Mr. Sulaiman Mubarak Olanrewaju. One of his close associates, Mr. Ridwan Abiola, in a message sent to DAILY POST to confirm the identity of the victim, said that he had lost a brother and friend. He said, “I lost a brother and friend to this incident. This happens when we have a government that condones the excesses of thugs. “This happens when we have in government people who think they are capable but play politics with people’s lives. “From Ibarapa to Shasha, Iwo Road, Idi Ape and other places not reported. May Allah have mercy on my brother and other deserving servants of Allah killed in this avoidable killings. “May Allah take our rights from this nonchalant government and give to us.” Mr. Saheed Oladele in his own comment said that he was sad when he received the news. Mr. Oladele said, “I am more than sad. One of my very close friends, Mubarak Sulaiman Olabrewaju, was shot in the head during a robbery incident in Ibadan today.
“Now confirmed dead! May Allah forgive him and grant his wife, Kareem Mufeedat Adebimpe his family and us the fortitude to bear the loss”. Another close friend said that the deceased left home in the morning but never returned. “He left home never to return. And he told his family he was going to return as usual but headed straight into the grave. “Perhaps, someone somewhere is dialing his number to engage him on a very important issue now but he will never pick the call. NO! Not any more! “Who is next? Let’s submit to our creator before our last day. Oh Allah admit Mubarak into Paradise. Save his soul Ya Allah,” he prayed. However, all efforts made by DAILY POST to get the exact number of casualties and details of the incident from the Public Relations Officer of the state Police command, Adewale Osifeso proved to be abortive as calls put through his mobile phone were not answered. An SMS sent to Osifeso asking for his reaction has not been replied as at the time of filing this report Thursday night.