The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has cautioned the Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle over the alleged undemocratic process of impeachment against the Deputy Governor of the state, Mahdi Aliyu Mohammed Gusau by the State House of Assembly. The opposition party said this panic move by Governor Matawalle is induced by his realization that the mandate of the PDP which he allegedly gave to the APC is on the verge of being recovered through the legal processes of court and restored to the Deputy Governor. PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba claimed that Matawalle violated the provisions of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended) in “recklessly moving to the APC when there is no division in the PDP”. He added that “the illegal process of impeachment despite a subsisting order of the Federal High Court, Abuja in suit number FHC/ABJ/CS/ 650/2021 portends grave implication for peace and security not only in Zamfara State but the entire North West region as well as the continued sustenance of democracy in our country. “Governor Matawalle should note that the people of Zamfara State are solidly behind the Deputy Governor, who enjoys large political following in the State as the custodian of the PDP mandate after Matawalle’s infamous defection to the APC. As such, any action against the Deputy Governor amounts to a direct assault on the will of the people which they will firmly resist, it added. It also warned that any attempt to strip the Deputy Governor of the mandate of the people on the grounds of unfounded allegations is a recipe for a serious crisis that can result in the complete breakdown of law and order in the state. PDP cautioned the Zamfara State House of Assembly not to allow itself be pitched against the people, adding that “Governor Matawalle must know that the people of Zamfara State cannot allow his frustration and ego to be exchanged for their mandate which is now embodied in the Deputy Governor. The opposition party called on the Inspector General of Police to note “how Governor Matawalle, out of frustration has constituted himself into a security threat in Zamfara State and the entire North West region, where he is now threatening the lives of members of the PDP and other well-meaning citizens of Zamfara State. It alerted Nigerians of how Governor Matawalle has allegedly been hounding members of the Zamfara State Working Committee of the PDP particularly, our State Deputy Chairman, Prof. Kabiru Jabaka, who has been forced to relocate out of the State over threats to his life. PDP urged President Muhammadu Buhari and the APC to immediately call Governor Matawalle to order.