Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Police Service Commission has issued two weeks ultimatum to the Nigeria Police to conclude investigations on the case involving the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari. The development was contained in a statement issued on Friday by the Head, Press and Public Relations of the Commission, Ikechukwu Ani. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has declared that he would back any young person who vies for any position in the upcoming All Progressives Congress, APC, national convention. Buhari stated this when he received members of the APC National Youth Lobby Group in Abuja on Friday. 3. The Supreme Court has declared that Executive Order 10 (EO10) signed by President Muhammadu Buhari on financial autonomy for the judiciary and the legislature is unlawful and unconstitutional. A seven-member panel of justices of the Supreme Court in a split decision of six to one on Friday held that the president overreached his constitutional powers in issuing the EO10. 4. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has announced plans to stop selling foreign currency (forex) – US dollar, euro, pound sterling, among others – to banks. The apex bank had put Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) on notice that it will stop selling forex to them by the end of 2022. 5. A petrol tanker, on Friday, exploded at a filling station in Ogidi near Onitsha, Anambra State. The explosion caused a fire outbreak, which razed down part of the filling station. 6. Permutations for the 2023 presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, are being reshaped, with the confirmation of the entry of Governor Wike into the contest. It was gathered that the entry of the governor is also reshaping the plan by the party’s 2019 presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar and his difficult task of bringing the PDP governors to back him. 7. Ahead of the 2023 presidential race, the National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, former governor of Lagos State and the party’s presidential aspirant, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has appointed 31-year-old Borno youth, Comrade Muhammad Mahmud as his National Media Coordinator. 8. President Buhari has directed relevant government officials to ensure that young people with the requisite skills and experience are included in all Boards and Committees of the Federal Government. The President gave the directive while receiving members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Youth Lobby Group, on Friday in Abuja. 9. The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has postponed its North-West Zonal Congress earlier slated for Saturday, Feb. 12. The party in a statement by its National Organising Secretary, Umar Bature, in Abuja on Friday, said that a new date would be communicated in due course. 10. The National Executive Committee of the Academic Staff Union of Universities will commence a two-day meeting at the University of Lagos, Akoka, today, to finalise the union’s decision on an impending strike. ASUU will make the final decision on the strike – to be reached by voting, at the end of the meeting on Sunday.