On June 20, 2017, I aired my views on the activities of embattled ‘Super Cop’, Abba Kyari, especially on social media. Five years after, Nigeria’s acclaimed ‘Jack Bauer’ has been caught in his own web. He has been swimming in pools of controversy. From his romance with suspected international fraudster, Hushpuppi to alliance with drug barons. It is now safe to say that what Kyari is going through at the moment is self-inflicted. Kyraigate is indeed a prophecy foreseen and foretold. The article reproduced below. BEFORE WE ‘KILL’ ABBA KYARI. His infectious zeal and courage in serving fatherland is very inspiring and rich with posterity references. I salute him, and wish he last on his job, retires in good health and last long on earth to narrate his uncommon exploits as officer of the Nigeria Police Force to this and future generations. Mr Abba Kyari is the head of Inspector General of Police special unit which has recorded great success in countering high profile crimes and criminality. It was Mr Abba who lead the team that arrested “the billionaire kidnapper”, Evans. The media accolades on Mr Abba Kyari is becoming worrisome in the interest of his security, that of his family, loved ones and National security at large. DSS has carried out high-profile operations and till date, we don’t know the identities, the faces and names of officers that went for such operations. I was shocked when Mr Abba granted interview on how he took Okada to Evan’s house, to me there is no big deal in that. Did Mr Kyari want to go there in convoy blaring siren? The drillings he had from Police College were not to punish him, but to reconfigure his body to work under any kind of condition including “carrying Okada” to achieve set targets. I expect the spokesman of Nigeria Police to be speaking and state the official stance of the force on the matter and every other officers should keep quiet. The voices of the police in media are too many for convenience and National Security. Now that you have gone to the media and gave every detail of your modus operandi in catching Evans, I pray kidnappers don’t start opening fire on Okadas that ride too close to them for comfort, because they may think another Abba Kyari is closing in. The media attention on Mr Abba Kyari is jeopardizing his safety and security, let us not deceive ourselves, Evans network is not the only high-profile kidnapping network as the Police would want us to believe… There may be other networks we are giving them clues on how to counter us. In advance countries, the identities of officers who go after drug lords, high-profile and organized criminals are not known. Why should that of Nigeria Police be different? The media attention on Mr Kyari is becoming too much for comfort. May God continue to guide and protect him, but we have our own human wisdom to apply too. I write as a concerned citizen of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Enenche Enenche
Abuja, Nigeria.