Lagosians Advocacy Group (LAG) has dragged the Federal Character Commission (FCC) and 18 others before Justice Ambrose Lewis Allagoa of a Federal High Court in Lagos. The group alleges “continuous and deliberate violation” of constitutional rights of Lagos indigenes regarding appointments and employment into public offices and career positions. The suit was filed by four legal practitioners: Yakubu Eleto, Adeyemi Onikoro, Shittu Akeem Nurudeen Aregbeshola. Others are Chief Muhammed Jamiu, Madam Titilayo Medeme Ogun and Gbenga Agoro, for themselves and LAG. The defendants are President Muhammadu Buhari; Attorney General and Justice Minister, Abubakar Malami; Nigerian Senate; Lagos Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Lagos Attorney General and House of Assembly. Others are the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), All Progressives Congress (APC), People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Head of Service (Federation), Federal Civil Service Commission and Head of Service (Lagos). Lagos establishments sued are Civil Service Commission, Local Government Service Commission, House of Assembly Service Commission, Judicial Service Commission, Teaching Service Commission and Health Service Commission. The plaintiffs were represented at today’s hearing by Yakubu Eleto. The 5th, 7th, 13th and 19th defendants were represented by Olamide Ibrahim; M. S. Saliu represented the 8th defendant; Adeleke Ogunnuga represented the 9th defendant. Eleto told the court that the plaintiffs already filed their responses to the preliminary objections by the parties represented in court. The lawyer faulted defendants’ claim that the plaintiffs have no ‘locus standi’ to institute the lawsuit. He argued that Section 6 (b) of the Constitution created a ‘locus standi’ in matters relating to the provisions therein. Eleto maintained that statutory enactments under it and the issue of sufficient interest required in other ordinary cases are inapplicable. The counsel described the defendants’ submission of non-compliance with the constitutional provisions of Section 13 and 14 under Chapter 2 of the Constitution as misconceived. Aside insisting that the plaintiffs have no ‘locus standi’, the defendants also contended that the suit was wrongly initiated by way of originating motions. Justice Ambrose Allagoa, after listening to the submissions of the parties, adjourned the matter to April 11, 2022.