Forum of former and serving House of Representatives members have told the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to allow open presidential primary election ahead of 2023 general elections. They described zoning as a poisoned chalice and attempt to whittle down democratic processes, which if allowed, will inhibit potential aspirants from exercising their capacity, asking the party leadership to throw the contest open to all zones. The forum stated this in Abuja, adding that advocacy for zoning has been laced with an attempt to shift attention and focus away from the plethora of fake and failed promises by the All Progressives Congress (APC). Addressing a press conference on Thursday, the forum urged PDP men and women, youths and elders to beware of the guile of the failed APC in its attempt to confuse the issues, shift the debate from performance and good governance to ephemeral and mundane issues of zoning and rotation. Speaking on behalf of the forum, Hon. Mukhtar Ahmed, said that the presidential ticket should be opened to all, so that the best candidate will emerge to save the nation from APC quagmire and misrule. He said that a level playing field should be given and the party should rise above sentiment, so that the best hand will emerge to deliver the nation from its present situation. He said that the party should be more concerned and think more of who can deliver and give the nation good governance. “In a democratic setting such as ours, particularly so in our very democratic PDP, zoning and rotation at no time in our history has taken the place of the democratic and constitutional to seek any elective office, including the presidency. “Even when the founding fathers of the party were alive, Alhaji Abubakar Rimi was allowed to have his say and the leaders and party members, through their votes, had their way. “What mattered most to the founding fathers and leaders was getting the right candidate who was sellable, formidable and had the capacity to assure good governance and promote democracy. “Northern leaders at the time based on the wise decision to promote equity, fairness and justice within the party allowed for a North/South power rotation hence President Olusegun Obasanjo’s eight years in office,” he said. Explaining further, Ahmed said that the choice of Obasanjo was strategic, adding, “Obasanjo was the one of the founders and leaders of the party believed could win the elections and power would be handed over to him because of his military background and international repute. He was also sellable to all Nigerians and detribalized. Therefore, what they did then accords with the point we made earlier about the candidate being formidable and sellable.”