The Acting Comptroller General of Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Idris Jere, says quality service delivery is being improved on. Jere gave the assurance in Abuja on Monday at the start of the week-long NIS Customer Service Week. He said the theme “Excellent Service Delivery: A Panacea for Corruption” was borne out of the need to evaluate performances. The event, holding across all commands and formations, including offices abroad, seeks to deepen a healthy interface with service seekers. A statement by Immigration spokesman, Amos Okpu, quoted Jere informing the public that the law enforcement agency looks forward to useful feedback. Admitting that some people did not have or are not having the desired experiences at some service points, the CGI warned personnel against corruption. “Such experiences could be clearly shared with us during and after the Customer Service Week to enable us effect some changes. “NIS recognizes the increasing public demand for quality service delivery from all service rendering agencies in contemporary times. “Our unique roles as security and service rendering organization require we emplace structures and processes that should ensure prompt, improved and seamless service delivery across our windows. “We are ready to receive constructive criticisms that would help us to improve on the quality of service delivery. “We are not yet where we desired, but we are no longer at the point we used to be. Some good changes have occurred,” he noted. Chief Executive Officer of SERVICOM, Nnenna Akajiemeli, enjoined Ministries, Departments and Agencies of government (MDAs) to treat customers with dignity. Akajiemeli advised NIS management to deepen reforms in passport processes and procedures for improved experiences. The official called for the extension of ongoing reforms to other areas including Border Management. Independent Corrupt Practices and other related Offences Commission (ICPC) Chairman, Prof. Bolaji Owansonye, represented by Director of Reforms, Uloma Olekwama, advocated sustenance of the reforms.