There seems to be no end in sight to the crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Enugu State. DAILY POST reports that the APC had on Thursday inaugurated chairmen of the State chapters of the party in Abuja. The following day, one of the claimants to the position in Enugu State, Ugochukwu Agballah, paraded major streets in Enugu, the Coal City Capital, claiming to have been inaugurated alongside other chairmen. However, a video clip obtained by DAILY POST, showed that Agballla was not inaugurated but was ordered back when he stepped out to collect his certificate of return. Addressing journalists in Enugu, Dr. Ben Nwoye, who is the Caretaker Committee Chairman of the party in Enugu State, said Agballah was busy celebrating failure. Nwoye said Agballah, a former Commissioner for works in the State, was deceiving the members of the party as he was not inaugurated by the national leadership of the APC. He said with the current situation, he remained the Caretaker Committee Chairman of the party in the State. Nwoye commended the national leadership of the party for refusing to recognize Agballah as chairman, insisting that he did not participate in any Congress. He expressed dismay that Agballah and his supporters were celebrating what he described as “fairlure” when the corpse of one of the APC members, Chidera Ogaba, who was recently murdered by unknown gunmen during a reconciliation meeting, was being laid to rest and the corpse of the second person killed during the attack, Kelvin Ezeoha was in the mortuary. According to him, “I’m grateful to the National Leadership of our party, Chairman of APC reconciliation Committee, Senator Adamu, the South-East representative in the National Caretaker Committee, Senator Ken Nnamani, former governor of Enugu State, Sullivan Chime for ensuring that justice prevailed “I not m supposed to be speaking because I’m mourning our young members who were brutally murdered while pursuing peace in Enugu APC, but I need to put the record straight; nobody was sworn-in as APC chairman during the inuaguration on Thursday. “I heard Agballah has been moving about in a motorcade celebrating failure. What Agballah wanted to do was a political coup which failed woefully because he is desperate. “Justice has been served by the National Leadership of our party. I call on our members to be calm and watch the national Secretariat take a decision on Enugu State. ” For now, I am still in charge as power abhors vacuum; so, I remain the caretaker committee chairman of Enugu APC.”