The Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN) has advised Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, to as a matter of urgency, review the security apparatus of the state. The association noted that this is necessary in order to avoid further killing of innocent citizens in the state. DAILY POST recalls that some gunmen suspected to be armed robbers had on Thursday, hijacked a billion van at Idi Ape junction in Ibadan. Our correspondent gathered that the gunmen hijacked the billion van, which belonged to one of the banks immediately it left the bank. The bank is located a few metres away from the Testing Ground Police station which houses one of the area commands of Nigeria Police Force in the state. Two policemen and some innocent citizens were killed during the attack while several people were injured. One of the victims was a 37-year-old Mubarak Sulaiman Olanrewaju, who was coming from Ikire in Irewole local government area of Osun state to Ibadan. It was gathered that Olanrewaju, who had been buried according to Islamic rites on Thursday, was until his death, an aide to the Resident Electoral Commissioner for Osun State, Professor AbdulGaniyy Raji. MSSN Oyo State area unit, while reacting, advised Makinde to immediately review the security apparatus of the state. MSSN Amir, Mallam Abdulkabir Al’yakeen, in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, described the killing of Mr. Mubarak Sulaiman Olanrewaju, who was shot during the attack as shocking and unfortunate. Al’yakeen then urged Makinde to immediately review the security apparatus of the state to forestall future occurrences. He described the killing of Olanrewaju and others as a grief-stricken event. He said, “We urge the government to review the security apparatus of the state to forestall future occurrences. We also pray Allah to grant those that were injured a quick recovery. Aameen “This is a grief-stricken event, but we have no choice but to submit to the will of Allah because to Him we belong, and to Him is our eternal return. We equally commiserate with the Governor of Oyo State, the Commissioner of police, and the family and friends of those that had lost their lives to yesterday’s unfortunate event. “The leadership of the Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN) Oyo State Area Unit received the shocking news of the demise of one of our respected and reliable brothers, Ustaadh Mubarak Sulaiman Olanrewaju (Abu Nu’mān) who was shot at Idi-Ape, Ibadan robbery that occurred yesterday, Thursday, 10th of February 2022. “Mallam Mubarak who was in the company of his son in a blue salon car was wickedly killed by unknown gunmen during the robbery of a bullion van which resulted in the death of two police officers, some other civilians, and left several injured. “Before his demise was an aide to our respected father, Professor AbdulGaniyy Raji, Resident Electoral Commissioner, Osun State, also the Director of Daar Al-Mubaarak Arabic Class and was happily married to an illuminating and dignifying sister, former Ameerah MSSN University of Ibadan and former Naibatul Ameerah MSSN Oyo State Area Unit, Sister (Pham) Mufeedah Adebimpe Kareem and blessed with children. “Indeed, our brother is gone, and his demise has left many in a state of sorrow, recounting unforgettable memories they shared with him. Our brother lived a meritorious life, he stood for the propagation of Islam, he impacted in the life of many others and he built a bridge serving as a link between the young generations and elder generation of the Muslim Students. Oh Allah! forgive Mubarak Sulaiman and count him among the inmates of paradise.”