The paramount ruler of Eket Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, His Royal Majesty Obong E.C.D Abia, has called on the government to relocate the correctional centre situated in the local government. He said the relocation became expedient following the dilapidated nature coupled with the increase in population of inmates as well as influx of people due to urbanisation. The monarch made the call during a courtesy visit on him by the Controller of Corrections, Julius Ezugwu, at his palace on Wednesday. In a statement signed by the Public Relations Officer of the command, DSC. Ogbajie Ogbajie and made available to journalists in Uyo on Thursday, the paramount ruler stressed that the correctional centre built during the colonial era should be relocated to a more conducive and spacious area that can accommodate more recreational facilities. He noted that recreational facilities in the correctional centres as seen in other climes would enhance total reformation of the inmates. According to the statement, ”The government should urgently relocate the Eket Correctional Center which was built during the colonial era. it is no longer conducive due to urbanization and increase in population. There is a need to expand the existing Custodial Centre to accommodate more recreational facilities and a total reformation for the inmates.” He, however, commended the officers and men for their contribution to internal security despite the challenges confronting the Nigerian Correctional Service, even as he solicited more funding for the NCoS to meet the demands of a modern penal administration. In his reaction, the Controller of Corrections thanked the monarch for the warm reception, but informed him that he was newly-posted to the state and it is customary he familiarized himself with correctional formations in the state. The officer-in-charge of Eket Custodial Center, Deputy Controller of Corrections, George Kay Njoku also thanked His Royal Majesty for the cordial relationship between officers and the host community, which has improved the rehabilitation of offenders in custody.