Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Saturday declared that he will not introduce policies that will lead to a religious crisis in the state. Makinde made this announcement in a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan. He spoke with respect to a recent statement issued on the usage of the Hijab in public schools in the state. The statement was issued as part of activities for the 2022 World Hijab Day. DAILY POST recalls that the state government had recently said that no student should be molested for wearing Hijab. The government warned all heads of government-owned agencies, schools and establishments against discrimination against female Muslims who wear Hijab. Hijab is a veil or headscarf usually worn by female Muslims in order to cover their heads and other parts of the body in public, DAILY POST gathered. The state government has however said in another statement that all it is doing was to promote religious harmony. Makinde added that he will not introduce any policy that will lead to a religious crisis in the state. Makinde, in a statement made available to DAILY POST through his Special Assistant to the governor of Islamic Affairs, Imam AbduRasheed AbdAzeez, declared that the state government has not altered its policy on freedom of religion. He appealed to the residents of the state to discountenance recent attempts to misinterpret his former statement on the wearing of Hijab. He added that his government will not tamper with the codes that guarantee religious freedom and harmony in the state. Makinde while speaking further, explained that the status quo regarding the matter as contained in a circular dated October 27, 2013, remains. “In accordance with the government circular letter dated October 27, 2013, the government of Oyo State through the Ministry of Education had resolved among other things as follows: “In Muslim named/faith-based public schools, the usage/wearing of hijab as part of the school uniform is allowed in accordance with Islamic tradition/religious belief of student who may wish to do so. “In Christian named/faith-based public schools, the student’s uniform should be in line with the established tradition of the school and Christian religion. “In Community-based public schools, the usage/wearing of a common hijab/beret by female students is permissible. This is however optional for parents/students who wish to do so,” he said.