Global Forex broker OctaFX and Duke of Spades Foundation have decided to help disadvantaged children in Nigeria. Although they formed their incentive in 2021, they are determined to promote literacy in multiple regions in 2022. Under this motto, OctaFX reached out to the Nigerian organisation to supply schools with IT equipment and provide children aged 10 to 14 with much needed new learning opportunities. There is a specific reason why the fintech company supports the Duke of Spades Foundation. It’s a non-profit organisation focusing on less privileged children and youth born and living with HIV. OctaFX has a consistent goal: to empower disadvantaged students who could not access basic materials for formal learning. This corresponds with its long-term approach to supporting local communities with infrastructure for improvement.  Now, the company has donated 20 desktop computers, several scanners and printers. The beneficiary was Kuramo College in Lagos, founded in 1980 and currently has 300 students. Poor reading skills was a specific challenge. Richard Nnadi is the man behind the Duke of Spades Foundation. A graduate of the University of Lagos, studying cell biology and genetics, he became a versatile businessman who eventually became the CEO of DV records. “The greatest gift a child can receive is premium quality education. And for that, I’m on a constant lookout for reliable and trustworthy business partners to make these charity projects in Nigeria blossom. OctaFX did deliver. More than I expected”, Nnadi commented.  Regional OctaFX representative said: “It pleases us to engage in meaningful and genuine projects that really deliver the help that is being promised. Especially endeavours that improve the lives of the most vulnerable members of society. Children. Their education is key’. The recently delivered IT equipment will help students become familiar with the internet and necessary software to develop their spelling, writing, and reading skills. It also will provide a more effective infrastructure for assessing the progress of the students’ improvement.