Special Counsel to the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, and its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, Aloy Ejimakor, has called for the unconditional release of the secessionist leader from detention. According to him, Nigeria must first explain to domestic courts and the international community how Kanu ended up in their in chains.
He said, “This is but a basic condition precedent without which prosecution of Nnamdi Kanu cannot ensue.” In a statement he signed and made available to DAILY POST on Monday, the lawyer said that up till now, neither the Attorney-General, nor any other Nigerian official has explained how and where Nnamdi Kanu was ‘intercepted.’ He also pointed out that the Federal Government has not been able to counter Kanu’s accounts and details of how the so-called interception was made, which include claims that he was kidnapped, disappeared, tortured in Kenya, and renditioned to Nigeria. “During the hearing of Kanu’s fundamental rights suit in Abia State (which he won), the Nigerian government could not explain how Kanu ended up in Nigeria, thus confirming that Kanu was not extradited but illegally renditioned,” the statement added. He noted that the Kenyan Government has also vehemently denied that Kanu was subjected to any extradition. “In view of the foregoing, there are several questions and answers well-meaning Nigerians and the international community must demand from Nigeria,” he added. “The Nigerian Constitution provides in its fundamental rights at Section 35(1) that ‘No person shall be deprived of his liberty save in accordance with a procedure permitted by law’. ” “…it is trite that a renditioned fugitive suspect cannot be subjected to trial. “Kanu should be restitutioned or restored to the status quo, whether to Kenya or Britain, at his option. “The next best thing for Nigerian authorities to do is to toe the path of honour and contrition by releasing Nnamdi Kanu unconditionally. “In the interim, it may choose the easier option of forbearing any objections to reinstatement of Nnamdi Kanu’s bail, which will instantly clear the judicial path to his release.”