A two-time Senatorial candidate in Abia south district of Abia State, Chief Chris Nkwota has formally defected to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, from the All Progressives Congress (APC) alongside four thousand supporters. DAILY POST reports that Nkwota had on 28th December, 2021, announced the resignation of his membership of the APC in a letter addressed to Akwaette Ward chairman of the party, in Ukwa East Local Government Area of Abia State. Nkwota revealed that he arrived at the decision to quit the APC after due consultations with teeming followers. However, while receiving the APC decampees back to the PDP at a colorful event witnessed by a mammoth crowd at the Central Primary School, Akwete Ndoki, Ukwa East LGA, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, who doubles as the leader of the PDP in Abia State, welcomed Chief Chris Nkwonta back to the PDP and urged him to uphold the tenets of the party. The Governor assured him that all his rights and privileges will be given to him and his supporters as they will not be discriminated against. He described Chief Nkwonta as a chieftain of the party who is very firm, adding that the PDP has been waiting for his return since the last six years. Ikpeazu also said with the return of Nkwonta, more good things will be happening in Ukwa East and urged the people of the area to throw their weight behind him. Governor Ikpeazu further disclosed that the 14-kilometre Obohia-Ohuru-Ngwa Road traversing through Ukwa East, Ugwunagbo and Aba South LGAs, which he flagged off earlier in the day during his trip to Ukwa East, will be completed in good time. The Abia Chief Executive also used the medium to announce that palliative works will start on Obehie-Akwete-Azumini Road from next week, to make the road motorable. Earlier in his speech, the State PDP Chairman, Rt. Hon. Asiforo Okere, also expressed profound joy for the historic return of Chief Chris Nkwonta to the PDP family. Okere thanked him and his supporters for deciding to rejoin the party, describing him as a great political leader, who would make the PDP voice in Ukwa and the entire State louder. In his remarks, Nkwonta thanked the Governor and the party leadership for the opportunity to reunite with his main political family and assured of his unflinching support to build the party to an enviable height. He expressed his confidence that his return to the PDP would bring overall development of the party in the State and beyond. Nkwota described the day as remarkable for him and appreciated Governor Okezie Ikpeazu for his untiring efforts in developing Abia through the PDP. He also disclosed that over four thousand of his supporters have re-joined the PDP with him, maintaining that PDP has come to stay in Ukwa land. In their separate speeches, some stakeholders of PDP in Ukwa East, including the member representing Ukwa East at the State House of Assembly, Hon. Paul Taribo, Sole Administrator of ASOPADEC, Chief Emeka Stanley and Ukwa East PDP Chairman, Sir Okechi Nwohu described Nkwonta as an Iroko and politician of class, expressing joy over his reintegration into the PDP.