The Chairman of Enugu State Independent Electoral Commission (ENSIEC) Dr Michael Ajogwu has assured all political parties of the commission’s resolve to conduct a credible and transparent election in the forthcoming Local Government Polls in the State. DAILY POST has reported that the council polls would take place on Wednesday, February 23, 2022. Speaking while declaring open a 2-day training for senior management staff, electoral and assistant electoral officers of ENSIEC on election administration, Dr. Ajogwu warned members of staff of the commission against compromising the process. The training is being organized by the European Centre for Electoral Support (ECES). Ajogwu said, “this training is to ensure that we conduct free, fair and credible LG election in Enugu State come 23rd of February 2022. “To achieve credible elections that others can emulate, we must equip our staff on voters’ education, as our election must be credible and transparent in order to sustain our democracy for the development of our nation.” He warned staff of the commission to desist from any corrupt practice in the electoral process, saying “you are trainers in the execution of democratic election and you must do all things possible to be free and fair while discharging your duties. “You must not be involved in any corrupt practice that is capable of jeopardizing our electoral process, because it’s only a free and fair election that can guarantee visionary leaders that will move the State forward.” Ajogwu commended ECES for their support and encouragement to ensure free, fair and credible local government election in the State. In his remarks, Hamza Fassi-Fihri, Project Coordinator, European Centre for Electoral Process (ECES) who was represented by Jide Ojo, Development Consultant, described local government offices as the bedrock of every government. He said, “we must build a strong structure, because if we fail at the local government level, it will affect the rest of the structure.” Ojo urged the participants to be good ambassadors of ENSIEC wherever they are deployed to work during the LG election.