As the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Convention draws nearer, the Chairman North Central States Governors Forum, NCSGF, and Governor of Niger State, Alh. Abubakar Sani Bello, has disclosed the concern of state governors over the number of contenders aspiring for the national chairmanship position of the party. Bello stated this during a visit by members of the national assembly caucus to canvas support for Senator Mohammed Sani Musa representing Niger East Senatorial District (Zone B) eying the position in Minna. He, however, disclosed that plans are underway to ensure the situation is managed to the satisfaction of all those aspiring to occupy the seat. The NCSGF chairman also observed that with about six aspirants from the North Central, the zone is obviously set to produce the National Chairman of the ruling party. Bello, who expressed joy over the aspiration of the lawmaker whom he described as a friend and brother, noted that as a leader in the zone, he is open to all those seeking for the position. According to him, “As a leader in the north central, I am open to all aspirants especially from the zone. As chairman of NCSGF, a responsibility has been bestowed on me by my colleagues and I am open to everyone from the North Central. “I can not be seen as openly disregarding some, but of course your own is your own and pulling this crowd makes a statement.” Earlier, the leader of the delegation, Senator Sabi, told the governor that the purpose of their visit was to first commiserate with him over the recent attacks by terrorists in some parts of the state, intimate and solicit his support for the aspiration of their colleague. “We assure you that you are not alone in this insecurity situation, we will not relent in giving you our support particularly at the National Assembly so as to ensure the situation is addressed,”Sabi assured. He explained that they had duly notified the leadership of the party at the state level and were assured of all the needed support.