The Kwara State government has shut down Oyun Baptist Secondary School, Ijagbo in Oyun Local Government Area of the state, following the violence that erupted in the school over the controversial hijab dress code. Kwara State Police Command confirmed that dangerous weapons were freely used during the encounter between Muslims and Christians over the use of hijab in the school. DAILY POST recalls that the state Commissioner for Education and Human Capital Development, Sa’adatu Modibbo Kawu, had warned stakeholders in the education sector at a meeting that the state government would not tolerate the disturbance of the peace in the state by any means. The spokesman of the state Police Command disclosed that tactical units and conventional policemen deployed to Ijagbo successfully restored peace in the school and are also on ground to ensure that no further breakdown of law and order is allowed. He said the latest “action is sequel to the crisis related to the wearing of Hijab in schools which has been in contention between Christians and Muslims in Kwara State. “Of current concern was the break down of law between Ijagbo Community and protesting Muslim parents, where dangerous weapons were freely used,” he added. However, Kwara State Government delegation is already in Ijagbo to find a lasting solution to the crisis. The state Commissioner of Police, Tuesday Assayomo, has now appealed to the warring parties to embrace peace and shun any acts that could jeopardize the current peace in the area, as the police have been directed to arrest anyone found in any way truncating the peace in Kwara State. Reacting, the Kwara State government through the education commissioner, Sa’adatu Modibbo Kawu, condemned in strong terms the resort to violence in the government-owned Oyun Baptist Secondary School, Ijagbo saying “this is totally unacceptable.” A statement by the Commissioner in Ilorin condemned the flagrant act of discrimination against anyone, especially children, on religious grounds. “Such discrimination will not be tolerated in any public-owned institution in the state,” she added. ” While the government and security agencies continue to work with leaders on all sides, it hereby directs the immediate shutdown of the school pending the resolution of the issue.” The state government commended the security agencies for their prompt action which restored calm in the area and appealed for calm.