The Zikist-Buhari-Movement (ZBM) Enugu State Chapter, on Sunday, commended His Excellency, Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressives Congress, APC, for uniting main factions of the party in Enugu State. DAILY POST reports that the CECPC withheld the Certificate of Return meant for Enugu State. Chief Ugochukwu Agballah had stepped out to receive the certificate but he was stopped by the national leadership of the party. In a press statement signed by its Publicity Secretary in Enugu State, Hon. Victor Nwankwo, the ZBM described the CECPC’s action as a “milestone in uniting APC Enugu State and hence stopping Governor Hope Uzodinma’s imposition of Chief Ugochukwu Agballah.” The ZBM appealed to Buni and the CECPC not to succumb to the intense lobby of Governor Uzodinma to impose Chief Agballah. It said, “Whereas, the ZBM has tremendous respect for His Excellency, Hope Uzodinma Governor of Imo State, however, we are at a loss why he wants to impose Chief Ugo Agballah who is not a valid member of our great party? “In one voice, we don’t want Chief Agballah, for his membership is shrouded in controversial validity of which we had earlier petitioned the Inspector General of Police. “ZBM, accordingly, appeals that the Certificate of Enugu State be kept in abeyance as Distinguished Senators Ken Nnamani, Ayogu Eze, His Excellencies Sulivan Chime, Fidel Ayogu, Emperor Baywood Chris Ibe, Okechukwu Ezea, Mr Osita Okechukwu and Co, had if not for the gruesome murder of Comrade Kelvin Ezeoha and Chika, concluded harmonisation of the main factions. “Regrettably, the gruesome murder dampened the harmonization as it was at the harmonisation meeting at Amechi Awkanaw Ward that the politically motivated killing took place.” Speaking further, Nwankwo’s ZBM posited that, “APC major stakeholders had met serially for the harmonization and surely latest within one week, we will conclude the harmonization, which the elder statesmanship and deep reflection of Distinguished Ken Nnamani engendered. Handing over Certificate of Return to Agballah cannot promote unity and indeed cannot stand because of a forgery mix.” On why the ZBM is opposed to Ugo Agballah, who is said to be a known mobilizer, that many thought will lead the APC to victory, Nwankwo quipped, “once more, Agballah is not a valid member of our great party. “We ended official registration and revalidation sometime in March, 2021 and then he was still in PDP’s comfort zone. “Secondly, you cannot enter the church and become a catechist on the same day and hope to collect tithe. “ZBM, most importantly, is happy that His Excellency, Mai Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) withheld Enugu State Certificate of Return because the Ward, LGA and State Congresses were less than transparent. “Therefore, imposition is a violent breach of Article 20 of our great party’s Constitution.” He added that, “My empathy for Agballah is that he thought we would allow Governor Hope Uzodinma to impose him on us without consultation or even whisper. “He sneaked into APC thinking we are a rehabilitation center. We there and then asked him of the fate of our foundation legacy candidates – Comrade AC. Udeh and Group Captain Orji (rtd), who toiled and sacrificed for the APC, while he was in PDP’s comfort zone? Finally we referred him to Article 20 of APC’s Constitution which frowns at imposition. “ZBM’s sincere thanks goes to Governor Buni, Distinguished Senators Ken Nnamani, Adamu Abdullali and all the members of CECPC, and the National Reconciliation Committee, for stopping Governor Uzodinma. Our dear governor should concentrate on Imo State.” Meanwhile, the Forum of the APC chairmanship candidates for the Enugu State 2022 Local Government election had in a letter to the IGP accused Agballah of forgery of documents. In the letter signed by the Forum’s coordinator, Hon. Victor Offordi Nwankwo, they said it was strange that Agballah, who indicated interest to join the party after registration of new members was concluded, was later parading a membership slip. The Forum alleged that though Agballah indicated interest to join the party in July 26, 2021, whereas membership registration ended in March 31, 2021, curiously “sometime in October, 2021, the said Mr. Agballah started brandishing a forged membership registration slip of the party and further commenced campaign that he is now a fully registered member of the party.” They told the IGP that forgery is a very serious issue and appealed that Agballah should be investigated and brought to justice as no one is above the law.