The All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, says it is prepared to redefine Enugu State politics after over 20 years of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, control of power. This hint was dropped by Prince Jeff Nnamani, a new member of the party, who is believed to be eyeing the governorship seat in 2023. Nnamani, who spoke in Enugu on Wednesday, when he paid a visit to the party’s secretariat, said APGA was the only platform that had the capacity of returning governance to the people. He declared that he ran a check on other political platforms in the State “and I made my choice to begin my political career in APGA.” The guber hopeful added that, “we have a very big problem and the only way is to identify the party that can drive this process. We have identified APGA as that platform. What is needed now is for us to come together and ensure that integrity and accountability is the watchword.” He said the society was being confronted with leadership failure, stressing that “a leader is supposed to serve the people and people should be allowed to elect their leader. “APGA is the only platform that will provide the needed change. APGA is the only option, it’s not an alternative to any other one. “APGA is a party that produced one of the best governors in the Southeast, in the person of Peter Obi; so, it’s a party with integrity and accountability.” On the February 23 local government election in the State, he vowed that “we cannot afford to fail. “It is a grassroots election, we must get to the grassroots to do our campaigns. I don’t want anyone to believe that the election will not hold. People should discountenance the belief that there will be no voting; we must do away with apathy. “In APFA we will campaign and seek votes. You can’t sit in your comfort zone and win elections, you can’t sit and be castigating leaders.” In a remark, the Chairman of APGA in Enugu State, Barr. Ndubuisi Onyia assured that the party would form the next government in Enugu State. He said with the likes of Nnamani joining the party, the coast was clear for an electoral fortune in 2023.