The Convener of Progressive Youth Movement (PYM) and the self-acclaimed factional Caretaker Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Mustapha Audu, has reconciled with the leadership of the party. Audu said the reconciliation became imperative after the leadership of the party granted their demands. DAILY POST recalls that Audu had last year declared himself as the factional chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the APC following the refusal of the Mai Mala Buni-led committee to fix a date for the national convention of the party. Against this background, his faction went ahead to announce a date for the convention, which it said would take place at Eagle Square, Abuja. It was based on this, and his decision to declare himself as a factional chairman of the ruling party that forced his ward chairman to announce his expulsion from the party. However, addressing newsmen at the end of the reconciliation meeting held at the National Secretariat of the party in Abuja, on Monday, the National Youth Leader of the party, Mr. Ismaeel Ahmed, said all is now well after the initial disagreement. His words: “Our brothers and sisters here have had to express their concerns over certain things over a period of time and now we are all here, we have reconciled. “They have tabled their concerns and the party has taken care of some of these concerns because the party is a listening party. We are here to hold our hands and sing ‘kumbaya’ that we are one united party. We are here to proceed and work together in the forthcoming party convention and the general elections in 2023.” “Secondly, to make sure young people have a stake in the party, especially for the position of the national youth leader of the party being allocated to a godfather somewhere to determine who he brings without the consent of the youths that have contributed.” Ahmed noted that the aggrieved youth had issues with the date of the convention, which the leadership of the party had been able to resolve. Speaking, Audu said after their grievances had been addressed by the leadership of the party, he assured that they would stand firm by the youth leader of the party He said, “In all fairness, it will be wrong of us to continue anything further knowing that our leaders have listened to us. The only issue which of course we know they are working on is the inclusion of young people at the convention. “We clamored for a convention in February and the leadership of the party listened and agreed that convention should hold this February. We clamoured for 26th and they gave us 26th. We clamoured that the letter be transmitted to INEC and letter had been transmitted to INEC as we speak.”