The police have halted further comments regarding the arrest of Abba Kyari by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). The suspended DCP and four other officers – ACP Sunday Ubuah, ASP James Bawa, Inspectors Simon Agrigba and John Nuhu – were arrested on Monday. ASP John Umoru, who was declared wanted by the authorities, remains at large. The Police Service Commission (PSC) announced their temporary sack on Thursday. After they were taken into custody, the police challenged the NDLEA to produce its personnel that allegedly provided cover for the high-priced stimulant. The security agency announced that officers assisted the Brazilian-Ethiopian-Nigerian ring behind the importation of 25kg of cocaine which landed Kyari and his men in trouble. Force Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, said the cartel was in contact with NDLEA agents at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport in Enugu and “are on their payroll.” The mules, according to the PRO, revealed that the barons “conspire with NDLEA officers on duty and send them pre-boarding photographs for identification, seamless clearance, and unhindered passage out of the airport with narcotics”. “The two arrested drug couriers also confirmed that they have been enjoying this relationship with the NDLEA officers at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport since 2021”, he noted. The duo – Chibunna Patrick Umeibe and Emeka Alphonsus – landed in Nigeria on January 19, 2022 via Ethiopian Airlines flight ET917 The Force maintains the transporters had been cleared by NDLEA team and “were on their way out with the narcotics when they were apprehended by the Police”. Seeking reaction on identities of the operatives that allegedly allowed the suspects to pass, Adejobi told DAILY POST the police would no longer speak for now. The spokesman, a Chief Superintendent, explained that the matter was still under probe. “We don’t react to the NDLEA issue again, contact the NDLEA for whatever information you need. Investigation is ongoing”, his text message on Friday reads. Kyari is wanted in the United States by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) concerning charges against Ramon Abbas a.k.a Hushpuppi. A lawyer, Festus Ogun, said Kyari’s drug case might affect his US extradition because a fugitive criminal serving a sentence in Nigeria won’t be surrendered unless discharged by acquittal or expiration of sentence.