A human rights advocacy group Foundation for Environmental Rights Advocacy and Development (FENRAD), has called on the Government of Abia State to relocate butchers and other perishable food vendors to a better location with potable water. The group’s call followed the recent sad incident of a loaded trailer losing control and falling into the abattoir located at Waterside River Area of Ogbor Hill, Aba, killing many people. Reacting to the unfortunate incident, FENRAD, in a release jointly signed by its Executive Director, Nelson Nnanna Nwafor and Head Corporate Accountability and Human Rights Enforcement, Akande Femisi on Saturday, tasked the Ministries of Transport and Commerce in the state to create an inter-ministerial synergy that will enhance the evacuation of the market. The organization urged the Abia State House of Assembly to come up with a legislative framework that bars articulated trucks from plying some routes, especially places within areas with high population density. FENRAD regretted the trend where unlatched container trucks now flood Aba town, plying residential areas with overhead electric cables, destroying drainages and culverts, buildings and other public properties. According to the advocacy group, “if the plan of the town is not followed or recovered, chances are that this kind of accident may happen in future as the population keeps growing without the city expanding. The foundation also appealed to the ministries of trade, environment, transport and others to see that such accidents are averted through legislative instruments to checkmate the movement of trucks and heavy-duty machines during the day, especially, in populated areas. “Human life is not tradable. The foundation believes time now is to recover Aba. This is a tragedy for which at the national level flags fly at half-mast. We send our condolences to all those who may have lost their loved ones as scores were reported dead. To those mourning, take heart”, the rights group concluded.