As the second term of his administration draws to an end, Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, has charged his appointees, especially members of the State Executive Council, to brace-up for the task ahead. Governor Ortom gave the charge Wednesday, February 2, 2022, while addressing EXCO members at the commencement of the council’s second executive meeting of the year with the governor presiding as chairman. The governor stated that those aspects his administration had not been able to achieve till now, there is renewed vigour through the injection of new blood into the system and expressed hope that the end will be better. Governor Ortom, while congratulating the new EXCO members as well as Special Advisers on their appointment, said they should consider it a great honour to be chosen among seven million Benue people and, therefore, be committed to their duties. He stated that going forward, EXCO members must submit a monthly report on their performances and what they have achieved or steps taken to achieve in their various ministries and parastatals to the office of Secretary to the State Government, SSG. According to the governor, commissioners must monitor their respective Ministries, Departments and Agencies of government under their purview, stressing that any challenges should be communicated to him in writing for urgent attention. The governor charged the newly sworn-in to quickly align themselves with the virtues of justice, equity and fairness as outlined by his administration, stressing that they should not hesitate to point out any wrong in his administration for redress. Governor Ortom appreciated Benue people for their resilience and support for his administration, stressing that as ‘destiny helpers,’ they had inspired and encouraged him even when the going gets tough. The governor also announced to the council members that timetable and guidelines for local government elections billed to take place in May 2022 are out. He also drew the attention of members that primaries for the 2023 general elections will hold sometime in the second quarter of the year and advised members to step up their relationship with the people to ensure that the party wins in the forthcoming polls. Governor Ortom also said the PDP has declared fasting for all aspirants, particularly the governorship position in the month of February 2022 and urged the people to join the fasting and prayers for a peaceful transition. The Governor and EXCO members sang a happy birthday song for Benue at 46, which comes out Thursday, February 3, 2022.