A chieftain of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Engineer Oyedele Hakeem Alao, has raised the alarm that residents of the state now live in fear. Alao noted that this is due to what he called resurgence of thuggery and hooliganism in some parts of the Pace Setter State. He said that the activities of some members of the Park Management System (PMS) created by Governor Makinde is creating fear in the minds of many residents. Alao, who contested gubernatorial election on the platform of Alliance for Democracy (AD) in 2019, alleged that members of PMS were responsible for the recent resurgence of thuggery and hooliganism in some parts of Ibadan which lead to vandalization of some of his billboards. Alao in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday in Ibadan, alleged that the administration of Governor Makinde has turned the state to pace setter in exporting thuggery and hooliganism. He described the arrest of some members of PMS who were going to disrupt the primary election in Ekiti State as a clear indication that Makinde is encouraging thuggery and hooliganism to thrive in the state. Our correspondent recalls that security agents had on January 26 this year arrested some members of PMS who were mobilised to disrupt the primary election in Ekiti State. Oyedele Hakeem Alao Alao, while speaking further, said that Makinde has shirked his responsibility as the Chief Security Officer by not taking any serious action to curb the menace of thuggery and hooliganism. Alao in the statement entitled “The reemergence of hooliganism and thuggery in Oyo State: Time to call Governor Seyi Makinde to order”, said the peace in the state which was sustained by the APC administration for eight years has continued to be shattered by Makinde. “The governor has turned the state to a den of criminals which specialized in exporting thugs and people of questionable characters, stating that this was displayed during the South West Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) convention held in Osogbo, last year and last week arrest of 98 members of Park Management System (PMS), going to Ekiti State for mercenary assignment. “Members of the state PMS were behind the deliberate vandalization of his campaign billboards in parts of Ibadanland such as Total Garden roundabout and close to MTN Office, Yidi-Gate. “It is quite unfortunate that Governor Makinde is allowing the complete peace laboured for by all the stakeholders and enjoyed for eight years under the administration of former governor, late Senator Abiola Ajimobi, to go down the drain. His administration has turned the state to a pace setter in exporting thuggery and hooliganism while the people have continued to live in fear. “Governor Makinde has shirked his responsibility as the Chief Security Officer by not taking any serious action to curb the menace of thuggery and hooliganism, which has become the order of day not only in Ibadan, but across other major towns in the state. The activities of members of the state PMS exhibited in Osogbo last year and the recent one in Ekiti State, are uncalled for and not good for the image of the state. “The failure of the governor to rein in these street urchins and hoodlums who many believed are his creation and who have taken over the state is nothing but a failure on his part and incompetence of his government.”