…also donates fully equipped Point-of-Care Laboratory and operating room equipment to Capital Health Surgical Centre The Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa) – brainchild of Industrialist, philanthropist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has formally handed 85 modern medical equipment to the Paediatric department of the Gwarimpa General Hospital in complete fulfilment of the ASR Africa Health Systems Support grant awarded to the hospital in 2021. The scope of the grant included a fully equipped neonatal unit, equipment for 3 operating rooms, hospital ward monitors and beds as well as an ambulance.  Speaking during the formal handover, Ubon Udoh, MD/CEO of ASR Africa said that the formal handover of these items was a significant development as Gwarimpa General Hospital represents one of the largest public hospitals in Abuja Metropolis catering to a high number of underserved communities and individuals. According to him, ASR Africa as well as the chairman, Abdul Samad Rabiu, are passionate about Women and Child Health development – hence the decision to support the overhaul of the neonatal unit and provide new, modern equipment to assist healthcare delivery at the hospital. Ubon also hoped that the hospital will put the newly purchased equipment to good use in tackling maternal and neonatal mortality rates within its catchment areas. Mr Udoh also announced that ASR Africa would adopt the neonatal ward going forward.  Receiving the equipment on behalf of the hospital, Dr Mohammed Kawu, Executive Secretary, Health and Human Services Secretariat (HHSS), in the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), commended ASR Africa for the gesture. “What you have done here goes to show you are truly committed to social development and we are grateful to Alhaji Abdul Samad Rabiu and ASR Africa. With the quality of medical equipment donated, this is presently the most modern and best equipped neonatal unit in the FCT.” In a similar development, ASR Africa also donated a fully equipped point-of-care laboratory, an ambulance, and some other medical equipment to the recently opened Capital Health Surgical Centre in Abuja. The surgical centre, which was recently established by Dr Ikemba Iweala, is a specialist facility also offering general medical services to the Abuja populace.  ABOUT ASR AFRICA The brainchild of African Industrialist, Philanthropist and Chairman of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, the Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa) was established in 2021 to provide sustainable, impact-based homegrown solutions to developmental issues affecting health, Education and Social Development within Africa. For more information visit asrafrica.org or email asrafrica[at]buagroup[dot]com.