The Executive Chairman of Sardauna Local Government Council of Taraba State, Oliver Wubon, has raised an alarm over the increase in bandit attacks in the council. He lamented that the situation, if not urgently addressed, may end up cutting off the local government from other parts of the state. Wubon, who stated this during an interactive session with media practitioners on Friday in the state, also admitted that the influx of fleeing bandits from Zamfara State to some parts of Taraba have worsened the security challenges currently bedevilling his council. As at the time of filing this report, three armed bandit attacks, he said, were recorded by the council in the last three days with several persons abducted. Identifying the road between the two communities in Mayo-Salbe and Mai Samari as the major flashpoint for armed bandit attacks, beaming more security searchlights in the area, he believed, would go a long way in tracking down the hoodlums. The council boss, who believed that both the state and the local government council cannot do it alone, urged the Federal Government to, as a matter of urgency, come with its federal might to save the council from being cut off from other parts of the state and the country at large. “If this trend is allowed to continue, it will mean that anyone from our local government who has business in Jalingo, our state capital, will have to go through Yaounde in the Cameroon Republic and connect a flight to Abuja before assessing Taraba,” he said. “Because these flashpoints in Mayo-Salbe and Mai Samari is also the major road along the Sardauna hill connecting the local government council to other parts of the state.” The chairman, who also expressed sadness at the activities of the Ambazonian separatists along the Nigeria-Cameroon border, urged the Nigerian government to put in place more measures that will checkmate their activities. DAILY POST reports that the council is among the five local government councils of the state that share common boundaries with Cameroon.