The Christian Politicians in the Nineteen Northern States within the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday in Abuja demanded that the presidential ticket of the ruling party should have a Christian President or Vice President from the north in the 2023 general election. The group also asked that the party should choose a Christian from the north as party National Chairman or Deputy National Chairman. At a meeting of the Northern Christian politicians held at the International Conference Centre (ICC) Abuja, members expressed happiness that the APC has finally fixed the 26th of February 2022 for its National Convention. The meeting, which had eminent Christian politicians in attendance, discussed the political affairs of the APC, the upcoming party convention and the political atmosphere of the nation. In a 5-point communique issued at the end, the Christian group recommended that the composition of the National Working Committee (NWC) and the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the party should significantly reflect the presence of Christians in order to reflect its national character. The communique was signed by Professor Doknan DD Sheni, Chairman Communiqué Drafting Committee, and Senator Joshua Danboyi. It reads in part “The meeting was pleased that the APC party was finally able to fix a date for the convention for the 26th of February 2022. “The meeting recommended that the Presidential ticket should have a Christian president or Vice President from the North “The meeting recommended that the party should choose a Christian from the North as party National Chairman or Deputy National Chairman (North). “The meeting recommended that the composition of the National Working Committee (NWC) and the National Executive Committee (NEC) should significantly reflect the presence of Christians in order to reflect its national character. “The meeting recommended that the party procedures of electing officers into various offices should be adhered to in the interest of justice and fair play to the generality of the party members.”