Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum has said he is confident that over 90 percent of Boko Haram members who have surrendered to the superior power of the military are truly repentant. His assurance came on the backdrop of criticisms trailing the federal government and the Nigerian armed forces for the amnesty granted terrorists who voluntarily surrendered their arms and turned themselves to the authorities, despite the atrocities they had committed. Zulum who was at the Presidential Villa Abuja, where President Muhammadu Buhari inaugurated the Presidential Committee on the Repatriation, Return and Resettlement of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the North-East, said he had personally interacted with some of the repentant terrorists to have an insight into their thoughts. While fielding questions from State House Correspondents, who inquired to know how sure he was that the terrorists were truly repentant, Zulum responded, saying, “I am hundred percent confident. Yes. While no process is perfect in the entire world, so far, so good, the process has yielded positive results, I believe over 90% of those that have surrendered, are doing well and have given the government the necessary support. They’re also calling their colleagues in the bush to come out and join the process of peacebuilding”. Asked if others are willing to come back to embrace the amnesty deal, Zulum said, “in fact, they are over ready. They have been agitating for a return for the last two and a half years. But unfortunately, the enabling environment has not been created for that return. “But now that the federal government has acted, all the necessary resources and materials needed to ensure their return in a dignified manner will be provided by the federal government and we remain extremely grateful”. Meanwhile, President Muhammadu Buhari has assured of his willingness to restore peace and stability in the North East region in the few months to come. President Buhari said he was embarking on a revised approach to address the 13-year old conflict and insurgency that has characterised the region. DAILY POST recalls that since the federal government took delivery of some super Tucano jets, there has been an increased onslaught on terrorist groups, especially in the North-Eastern part of Nigeria.