The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has approved the nomination of Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike, Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki and Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu as Chairmen campaign council for Cross River, Ondo and Imo States bye-elections respectively. PDP National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba disclosed this in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Tuesday. The bye-elections in the three states are slated for Saturday, February 26, 2022. While Governor Wike Chairs National Campaign Council/Election Management Team for the Ogoja/Yala Federal Constituency and Akpabuyo State Constituency, PDP appointed Akwa Ibom governor, Emmanuel Udom as co-chairman. Chief Dan Orbih is to serve as the Secretary. Other members of the committee are; House Minority Leader, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu, Sen. Liyel Imoke, Donald Duke, Prof. Stella Effah-Attoe, Hon. Patrick Nathan Ifon, Chief Ferdinand Alabraba, Sen. Gershom Bassey, Sen. Prof. Sandy Onor, Sen. Jarigbe Agom Jarigbe, Hon. Daniel Asuquo, Hon. Essien Ekpenyong, Hon. Friday Okpeche, Hon. Effa Esau, Hon. Aniekan Akpan, Hon. Solomon E. Agwana, Hon. Ikem Venatius Ayabie, Hon. Barr. Kingsley Esiso, Dr Tony Aziegbemi and Amb. Desmond Akawor. In a related development, NWC of the PDP has approved the nomination of Oyo State Governor, Engr. Seyi Makinde as Co-Chairman for the National Campaign Council/Election Management Team for the Akure North/Akure South Federal Constituency bye-election. It also appointed Hon. Adesoji Adagunodo as Secretary. Other members include; Dr Olusegun Mimiko, Eyitayo Jegede, SAN, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, Amb. Omolade Oluwateru, Alhaja Mutitat Ladoja, Sen. Biodun Olujimi, Sen. Fadahunsi Francis Adenigba, Sen. Akinyelure Patrick Ayo, Sen. Tofowomo Nicholas, Sen. Balogun Kola Ademola, Hon. Abdel Majid Segun Adekola, Hon. Tajudeen Obasa, Hon. Akinjo Kolade Victor, Hon. Ikengboju Gboluga Dele, Chief Clement Faboyede, Hon. Festus Akingbosa, Hon. Rasheed Elegbeleye, Hon. Omolase Lanre, Hon. Sikirulai Ogundele, Hon. Fatai Adams, Hon. Sunday Bisi, Hon. Dayo Ogungbenro and Engr. Julius Akinsola. Similarly, it appointed Enugu State Governor, Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi as Co-Chairman for the National Campaign Council/Election Management Team for the Ngor Okpala State Constituency Bye-election. According to the statement, Chief Dr Ali Odefa is to serve as the Secretary. Other members of the committee are; Chief Achike Udenwa, Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, Sen. Enyinnaya Abaribe, Sen. Samuel N. Anyanwu, Dr Alex Obi, Amb. Dr Kema Achikwe, Sen. Onyebuchi Francis, Sen. Obinna Ogba, Rt. Hon. Chukwuka Onyema, Hon. Eke Bede Uchenna, Hon. Chined Emeka Martins, Hon. Nwawuba Henry Ndochukwu, Hon. Alagboso Jerry, Hon. Elezieanya Ikenna Onyechere, Hon. Solomon Anukam, Hon. Philip Ejiogu, Hon. Allwel Asiforo Okere, Hon. Okoroafor E. Okorie, Hon. Augustine Nnamani and Engr. Charles Ugwu. It added that the directorate of organization and mobilization shall serve as the Secretariat for the Council.