Former Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Prosecution, Chief Okoi Obono-Obla has said that the Supreme Court’s nullification of Executive Order 10 by President Muhammadu Buhari has exposed the hypocrisy of state governors, proponents of restructuring of the country and devolution of power to states. On 11 February 2022, a judgment of the Supreme Court struck down Executive Order 10 issued by Buhari that had granted financial autonomy to the judicial branch of the government of states and local government councils in the country. Frowning at some governors’ opposition to financial autonomy for states judiciaries and local councils, he warned that judiciaries in the state will not be free from manipulation and control by governors as long as they do not have financial independence. According to Obono-Obla, state governors want to continue with their “vice grip on local councils and states judiciaries.” He cautioned governors against playing to the gallery on the issue of devolution of powers or restructuring. He exonerated the president from the campaign against autonomy. “We are not ready for a change; it is the naked truth, and nobody should pass the buck to President Muhammadu Buhari and try to create the impression that he is the one that is against restructuring. The judgment of the Supreme Court has vindicated President Buhari. “Gladly an aspect of the judgment of the Supreme Court held that it is unconstitutional for the Federal government to fund States’ Superior courts of record has again exposed the hypocrisy of States’ governors,” he said. “Some of these governors always shout the loudest on the devolution of powers. “How on earth would States in a federal system of government want the federal government to be funding their courts?” Obono-Obla said if elected next year to represent the Cross River Central Senatorial District in the National Assembly, he will initiate constitutional reform for states judiciaries and local councils in the country to enjoy financial independence and autonomy.