In line with its progressive strides and commitment to supporting youth initiatives, Nigeria’s leading Beer Brand, Life Continental Beer is set to support the Imo State government to empower 2,700 indigenes at the Hope for Imo State Valentine Concert. The brand has been at the forefront of supporting the entrepreneurial spirit of the Igbos. One of such is Life Progress Booster, an entrepreneurship initiative rewarding enterprising minds looking to grow their businesses. Renowned for throwing its weight behind the Progress of indigenes of South-East, Life Continental Beer will also be empowering youths at the event holding at the Heroes Square, Owerri, on the 19th of February, 2022. At the session, consumers will relish musical performances of Phyno, Perruzi, DJ Neptune, Kcee, Chineye Udoma; enjoy rib-cracking comedy acts, talent hunt and take advantage of the tech empowerment initiatives designed for Imo youths. Senior Brand Manager, Life Continental Beer, Aishat Anaekwe, said the drive to support budding entrepreneurs is the beer brand’s way of encouraging enterprise in the South-East of Nigeria. “With the Progress Booster Initiative, we sponsor startups by training and issuing them grants to grow their business. At this event, you can expect us to connect with our consumers on a deeper level. “Our stakeholders, host communities, loyal retailers and end consumers are important to us. We prioritize their needs and expectations regarding the brand, and seize opportunities for empowerment through partnerships. “For decades, Life Beer has supported the progress of easterners with our Life Beer empowerment scheme which has utilized over N100million to strengthen small businesses. As we grow, our loyal customers and partners grow with us.” Life Continental Beer has never shied away from being firmly rooted in culture and its emphasis on giving back to the people of Igbo descent is nothing short of remarkable. The Igbos have always been revered for industrious and progressive nature. Life Continental Beer has tapped into this cultural heritage and endeared itself to the Igbo audience.
Attachments