Stakeholders in Plateau State have commended the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) over the peaceful and orderly conduct of the bye-election in Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency of the state. Some residents of the constituency have decried voter apathy in some communities in Jos metropolis. DAILY POST also observed very tight security in most of the polling units in the constituency. Speaking with journalists, Senator representing Plateau North, Istifanus Gyang, commended the electoral umpire (INEC) for simultaneous accreditation and voting, saying it decongested the polling units and made the election peaceful. Gyang said the turnout of voters was encouraging in the afternoon compared to the morning hours and urged electorates to always come out and perform their civic responsibility. “We just step out from our situation room and we have observed that materials were not complete in some polling units, we have 500 ballots papers instead of 700 but that is been addressed. “As we speak, people are turning out and we want that to be sustained so that people will come out to exercise their franchise. I appeal to voters and our people to come out and exercise their vote. “Accreditation and voting at the same time are good, that makes it easier for the voters, instead of accreditation and awaiting, some people might not be patient enough to wait so I commend INEC for this initiative,” he said. Also speaking, Secretary to the Government of Plateau State, Prof. Danladi Atu described the poll as peaceful. “The election has been very peaceful, we have not heard of violence anywhere, people are exercising their franchise without any intimidation. According to him, “INEC has introduced new innovation into the electoral process and it might not come without challenges. But I must commend INEC because they are doing well, they have ratified some of the challenges encountered in the morning when there was a mix up in the voting materials. “The machines have been very perfect apart from some hitches encountered in some areas, I did not spend up to three minutes, but I was done with my voting, it is very smooth over here.” A candidate of the Peoples Redemption Party (PRP), Adamu Mohammad Alkali, expressed satisfaction with the electoral process and described the poll as peaceful. He encouraged the people to sustain a peaceful atmosphere during and after voting. The National INEC Commissioner in charge of the Plateau bye-election, Prof. Abdullahi Zuru described the electoral process as peaceful and credible. “We have had issues of one or two places but in all the places where we have gone, the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) is working perfectly. “Although we have had one or two cases where the BVAS are not working but we have ratified them. “The process has been very peaceful, working smoothly. A lot of places I went, as at the time I went, the turnout wasn’t impressive, but it improved later”, he explained. Bulus Ali, a resident of Jos, told DAILY POST that he was disappointed about the low turnout of the electorate for the polls. “Honestly, I’m highly disappointed about the turnout of the voters, for instance at my polling unit at Hill Station junction, Jos North where we have over a hundred registered voters, only 15 people voted. “This is not good for the system, I’m deeply saddened by the attitude of our people towards their civic responsibility”, he said. Also speaking, Mrs Awiki Musa, said, “The turnout in my polling unit at Alheri, Jos North, was very discouraging; but I don’t blame people, because I tried to encourage some of them to come and vote, but they refused, saying their votes don’t count. “If you recall in 2019 when we voted for a candidate that we knew clearly won this election, but we were shortchanged, and it was given to someone else. “I believe these are some of the reasons why citizens are discouraged to come out and vote.” Mr Apollos Ezekiel, of Jenta Apata, in Jos North, also decried that out of over 600 registered voters, only 40 voters in his polling unit, a situation he described as ” Unfortunate “. “If don’t come out to exercise our civic responsibility, then we will continue to have unqualified people representing us”, he lamented.