The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governors Forum has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately sign the Electoral Act Amendment Bill into law. The governors’ call was contained in a communiqué read by its Vice Chairman, Abia State Governor, Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu, after its regular meeting held Monday at the Bayelsa State Government House, Yenagoa. It also expressed its displeasure on the issue of contaminated fuel supplied to Nigerians, urging the federal government to investigate and bring perpetrators to account. The Governors also congratulated PDP for winning 43 out of 62 Councillorship positions in the Abuja Area Council election results, just concluded, urged INEC to tighten all observed loopholes and further improve on the functioning of the BIVAS Machine for future elections, it added. The forum frowned at what it described as “the duplicity, inconsistency, insincerity of the APC led Federal Government on the fuel subsidy regime, which has been badly and corruptly administered. It added that “The figures of consumption and ascribed to Nigerians appear fictitious and bloated. They called for a proper investigation to be conducted on this matter.” The forum also welcomed the court decision on Police Trust Fund deductions from the Federation Account, demanding that “the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission should expedite action on the new Revenue Allocation formula in such a way as to increase allocation to States and Local Government.” The forum berated the way the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is being run as an alternate government, calling for the streamline of its functions and processes to be constitutionally compliant. As the National Assembly winds down this current phase of the Constitution Review exercise, the forum urged that they revisit the issue of devolution of more powers to the States and Local Governments. PDP Governors also urged the National Assembly to transfer some items from the Exclusive Legislative List to Concurrent List.