The Bauchi State Commissioner for Works and Transport, Alhaji Abdulkadir Ibrahim, has declared that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) government in Bauchi State led by Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has within two years outperformed the immediate past administration of the All Progressives Congress (APC) government, which spent four years in office. Speaking with journalists in Bauchi, the commissioner said despite meeting a very huge infrastructural deficit on assumption of office in 2019, the PDP government had within two and a half years been able to fix the deficit to the admiration of the people of Bauchi State. By this, according to him, the Governor Mohammed-led administration had done what the APC administration failed to do in four years it served before being voted out by the people in 2019. “You are aware that this administration is almost three years old, we came on board on May 29, 2019 and we met a very huge infrastructural deficit. And infrastructure being the key in moving any state economy, we ensure that we embark on fixing the deficit. “In our two and half years of governance under the PDP, we have done what the propagandist APC government did not do. “I can say with all humility that we have constructed a number of roads. We have constructed hospitals, we have done well in the education sector. We have provided a lot of services to the good people of Bauchi State,” the commissioner said. According to Ibrahim, the immediate past administration in the state got billions of naira “but unfortunately, the resources were not properly harnessed and utilized”. He informed that the current PDP administration in the state came in well prepared for governance with a roadmap of developing infrastructure, education, health, agricultural and many other sectors. “We sat down and ensured that we have a roadmap; a strategic plan on how to move the state forward. We have been opening up the state capital so that we will leverage on all these areas in order to keep the economy moving,” he said.