The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has reacted to the violence that erupted in Oyun Baptist Secondary School, Ijagbo in Oyun Local Government Area of Kwara State, over the controversial hijab dress code. DAILY POST had earlier reported that Kwara State Police Command confirmed that dangerous weapons were freely used during the encounter between Muslims and Christians over the use of hijab in Oyun Baptist Secondary School on Thursday. The spokesman of Kwara State Police Command said the latest action is sequel to the crisis related to the wearing of Hijab in schools which has been in contention between Christians and Muslims in the state. “Of current concern was the breakdown of law between Ijagbo Community and protesting Muslim parents, where dangerous weapons were freely used,” he said. Consequently, the Kwara State government shut down the school following the incident. Reacting to the development, MURIC, in a statement by its director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, on Thursday, condemned the incident. It also called for the school principal to be suspended with immediate effect for not obeying the government’s circular which permitted the use of hijab. MURIC’s statement read in part, “We strongly condemn this attack on innocent and underaged children. It’s irresponsible, barbaric and inhuman. The protesting girls were not violent. “The school must be shut down immediately to forestall further breakdown of law and order. “The school principal must be suspended with immediate effect. “Government should decide other disciplinary action or actions to be taken against the school principal for disobeying the government’s circular which approved the use of hijab. “All those injured should be treated at the expense of the state government. “In case of death from injuries sustained during the attack, full compensation should be paid to the parents of the victim or victims. “Expenses incurred by the government in handling this case should be deducted from the principal’s gratuity on his retirement. “The state government should add its identity to the names of all schools in the state, e.g. Oyun Baptist High School should become ‘Oyun Government Baptist High School’.”