The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola has revealed that his decision not to support the second term aspiration of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola was because of betrayal and hypocrisy. The former governor of Osun State also disclosed that he decided to take a new path when he realized that the person he was committedly loyal to was out to destroy him and everything he stood for. Aregbesola made this known in Iwo, on Tuesday, during the Iwo Federal Constituency tour with the members of the party. “I had stomached betrayal and hypocrisy from the people I was serving wholeheartedly. “I decided to take a new path when I realized that the person I was committedly loyal to was out to destroy me and everything I stand for,” he said. While urging party members to vote for Moshood Adeoti in Saturday’s Osun APC primary, he stated that his choice was the answer to the prayers of party members and the people. Meanwhile, Moshood Adeoti, has described Governor Adegboyega Oyetola as a wrong and unpopular candidate. Adeoti, who is the aspirant for the Rasaq Salinsile faction of the APC, also described the choice and acceptance of Oyetola during the 2018 polls as one borne out of blinded loyalty by Rauf Aregbesola to his former boss. While noting that the Minister of Interior was loyal and committed to his master in Lagos, he added that Aregbesola had no choice but to support Oyetola who was a bad product. He lamented that Aregbesola did not deserve being humiliated by anybody, adding that the Governor and his supporters have unfortunately bitten the finger that fed them. In his words, “Aregbesola was blindfolded by his loyalty to his boss to accept, promote and assiduously work for a wrong and unpopular candidate. “Aregbesola was committed and loyal to his master in Lagos. That was why he supported an unpopular candidate in 2018. We all knew then that Oyetola was a bad product but Aregbesola did not have a choice. He obeyed his master. “Unfortunately, those people (Oyetola and his followers) have bitten the finger that fed them. Aregbesola does not deserve being humiliated by anybody. “Aregbesola does not deserve the humiliation and betrayal being experienced from Governor Adegboyega Oyetola and his followers.”