A former acting National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Abubakar Kawu Baraje, has warned Nigerian politicians about the inherent danger in the lingering outcry of marginalisation across regions of the country. At a press chat with newsmen in Ilorin, the Kwara State capital, in preparation of his turbaning as Tafida of Ilorin, the PDP chieftain said the outcry of marginalisation across the geo-political zones of Nigeria was inimical to the cohesion of the country. He expressed concern that the agitation in some parts of the country over which zone should produce the next president was encouraging others to also clamour for it and such could stir division. His position is coming on the heels of Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, who after his visit to President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja on Monday, canvassed support for North Central to have a shot at the Presidency in 2023 having not occupied either office of President or Vice President. He bemoaned the level of division in the country and promised to champion the course for one nation. “I know that all sections of Nigeria are fighting for recognition and inclusiveness, and I think North Central should not keep quiet. “However, we should not over flog it so as not to divide Nigeria. That is very important. I have said it before that North Central needs to be carried along. And ever since then, I never followed it up again because I knew it is dangerous. The tendency is now South East, South West and all that kind of a thing. “With due respect to everybody, whichever party is coming in 2023 and whoever God says should be the President of the country, and if God says that it is going to be PDP that is coming in, I’m going to champion a way forward to re-echo the need for Nigeria to be one. Nigeria has never been this divided”, Baraje said. He said that President Buhari should have no reason to refuse assent to the Electoral Act (Amendment) Bill for the second time, which the National Assembly transmitted to him recently. Baraje thanked the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, for bestowing on him the chieftaincy title of Tafida Ngeri of Ilorin. “Nothing is as fulfilling as being given recognition by your community. It means you are fulfilled and all your efforts not in vain when you are not even there any longer,” he asserted.