Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has dismissed ordering Monday’s sit-at-home order currently being observed across the Southeast. Kanu disclosed this when he received the Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, and two Bishops in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS. He lamented that the sit-at-home order was having a negative effect on the economy of the Southeast. The lawmaker spoke at the Investiture of Jasper Nduagwuike as the 16th President of the Enugu Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture, yesterday. Abaribe lamented that businesses are relocating to other parts of the country due to insecurity in the Southeast. “What is happening in Southeast is a tragedy. Every Monday people sit at home. IPOB has said times without number that they are not the ones enforcing the order. We don’t know who is enforcing it, neither does it seem like we have a way to solve it. “I went with Ike Ekweremadu and two Bishops to the DSS to see Nnamdi Kanu and he told us ‘I have never said people should sit at home’. I told him that nobody believed you. Because people have said they don’t like it, but they keep sitting at home. There is no way we are going to survive like this. You are sitting at home and the people who you are doing these things for are in Lagos and Abuja and they don’t care. And you are here killing your own. “Sit at home is killing the economy of Southeast. Most businesses are now moving out to other regions. Insecurity in the Southeast is the biggest problem we are facing now. Even if you seek a separate country, why would you destroy your own place with your hands? You need to have a viable country and not a scattered one. “We need to make the Southeast become like Catalonia, who despite seeking independence is still the economic capital of Spain. Insecurity is the biggest problem of the Southeast and the earlier we tackle it, the better for us,” he said. IPOB usually orders sit-at-home on the days Kanu is scheduled to appear in court. However, some people started enforcing the sit-at-home order every Monday. The separatist group had severally denied ordering the continuous Monday sit-at-home.