A pro-democracy and human rights group, Take It Back, TIB, has called for the immediate resignation of Delta State Commissioner for Higher Education, Professor Patrick Muoboghare. The call is contained in a statement signed by TIB Coordinator in Delta State, Comrade Ighorhiohwunu Aghogho and made available to DAILY POST. The group spoke in reaction to the ‘tuition hike’ by the management of the Delta State University Abraka and Delta State University of Science and Technology, Ozoro. It said, “we stand bold to condemn the actions of Professor Patrick Muoboghare for instigating the hike in fees in the aforementioned government-owned tertiary institutions.” “The learned Professor cannot claim ignorance of the agony of students in these affected institutions and the economic situation affecting most indigenous students in Delta State and we will not fold our hands and watch students of government-owned tertiary institutions in Delta State indulge in all sorts of nefarious activities in a bid to pay tuition fees. “We are tired of youths indulging in all sorts of crime in a bid to raise money. The government of the day should be concerned that leaders of tomorrow are now into commercial prostitution, internet fraud also called yahoo-yahoo, yahoo plus and including ritual killings that have taken sanity from our youths. “We cannot envisage and conceive how a poor student can raise such a humongous money as school fees to obtain university education from a government-owned university in Delta State, despite the huge federal allocation being allocated to Delta State on a monthly basis. “In solidarity with NANS, the Take It Back is calling for the immediate resignation of the Delta State Commissioner of Higher Education, Professor Patrick Muoboghare as his intention towards students of higher institutions in Delta State is hollow, pretentious and not genuine. “Professor Patrick Muoboghare, a one-time chairman of the Academic Staff of Universities (ASUU) Delta State University, Abraka branch and a Dean of students, Delta State University Abraka is in a better position to understand the plight of students because he is a Comrade from the system. “Take It Back will resist this rash, impetuous, obtuse, reckless and insensitive hike in school fees in Delta State-owned Universities with all legitimate means in her disposal.”