Akwa Ibom Council of Ministers also known as Soldiers of Faith has urged Governor, Mr Udom Emmanuel to revoke his pronouncement of Umo Eno, the state Commissioner for Lands and water resources as his successor in 2023. This is one among the plethora of agitations against the governor’s choice of successor in recent times. The clerics warned that if the issue is not well managed or addressed, it could degenerate into an avoidable crisis in the forthcoming elections in the state. The ministers in a statement signed by the President, Apostle Joseph Nyong and Secretary Apostle Elijah Usoh, issued to journalists in Uyo said Governor Emmanuel never displayed equity and fairness in the purported endorsement. They added that such endorsement does not only show imposition and direct affront on the political will of the majority of the people but ‘a clear violation of the long-standing and immutable zoning arrangement in the state.’ Arguing that former Governor Obong Victor Attah who spearheaded the endorsement was a product of the zoning system in 1999 and wondered why the statesman decided to connive with Udom to scuttle the same zoning arrangements that enthroned him as governor of the state. They noted that for equity, fairness and peace to prevail in the state the governor must search for his successor from Itu- Ibiono Ibom Federal Constituency. The group also condemned the role played by the former governor, Obong Victor Attah and the supreme Traditional Council Ruler, Oku Ibom Ibibio on the said endorsement stressing that “Attah as an elder statesman and a beneficiary of zoning cannot blow hot and cold at the same time. ”The Oku Ibom Ibibio as the custodian of all the traditional institutions is expected at all times to be a father to all and maintain neutrality in the political affairs of the state.” “We, therefore, prevail on His Excellency, the governor and the so-called Akwa Ibom political Stakeholders to immediately rescind their decision of endorsing any aspirant outside Itu/Ibiono Federal Constituency in the interest of peace, equity and good conscience. “The Fathers of faith should desist from using God’s name to deceive gullible Akwa Ibom People as we the soldiers of faith will always be in defence of truth.” “We want to categorically state here that for the purpose of emphasis that as a church, we will not fold our arms and watch few individuals mortgage the peace and stability enjoyed in the state,” the statement said.