The Niger State Government has pleaded with the Federal Government to take over work on the 79 kilometres Minna-Bida road awarded in February 2020 over the lack of funds. The government lamented that it cannot afford to raise N23 billion for construction works on the road. It would be recalled that the contract for the reconstruction and rehabilitation of the road was awarded to Messer Dantata Sowoe Nigeria Limited at the cost of N23.4billion with a completion of 18 months in 2020. The government then approached the Islamic Development Bank for a loan of $181 million to finance the project, and expected to pay about N23 billion as its counterpart funding to access the loan. Two years down the line, after the flag-off ceremony for construction to start, only about five percent has been achieved on the road, resulting in untold hardships for both commuters and motorists. It was gathered that following the inability of the state to honour its own part of the agreement, the Islamic Development Bank, IDB, refused to release the fund as agreed. The state Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello disturbed by the issue, in a letter to Mr Babatunde Fashola, Minister of Works and Housing dated 12th November 2021, had personally told the minister that sourcing the N23 billion counterpart funding has been the major constrain of the state government. The letter reads in part, “We wish to confirm that the bank did not only approve the loan but has agreed to disburse the fund on making available cash or source for the state’s counterparts funding amounting to N23,818,530,043.06 which has been a big constrain for the state. “Following from the above, Niger State Government wishes to appeal to the Federal Government to go ahead and disburse the sum of N23,818,530,043.06 to the contractor on certification of work done by the ministry”. Aside from that, the Governor requested a letter from the minister to confirm the ministry’s acceptance of the state government request to enable it to tender same to IDB as evidence of the source of counterparts funding. The governor, in the letter, is also requesting the Federal Ministry of Works to “confirm that Dantata and Sawoe is the contractor working on Bida-Minna road and also on-site”. Bello had several times, it should be recalled, stated that the Minna-Bida highway work was not part of the eight road projects approved by the Federal Government for reconstruction and rehabilitation in the state that it would be financed by the IDB. As the state awaits the Federal Government’s response, the Niger State Commissioner for Works and Infrastructural Development, Mallam Mamman Musa, during his tours of roads projects in the state decried the slow pace of work by the contractor, adding that the state can no longer tolerate such.