The Oyo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has warned leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the State not to turn the State to a battlefield ahead of the 2023 elections. Publicity Secretary of the party, Engineer Akeem Olatunji made this disclosure via a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, on Tuesday. The APC has been battling with a series of internal crises over which group controls the party. The crisis started when the party conducted its State congress on Saturday, 30th October, 2021. The congress produced Mr. Ajiboye Omodewu as chairman of the party. Some of the stakeholders of the party, however, vowed not to work with Omodewu. The aggrieved members pledged to use all legal means to reclaim the party. The PDP, which is the ruling political party in the State, has now cautioned leaders of the APC not to turn the State to a battlefield. The party through its Publicity Secretary, Engineer Akeem Olatunji, advised the police and other security agencies to put necessary mechanisms in place to avoid a breakdown of law and order in the State due to the brewing crisis in the APC. “Politics is a game and must not be a do or die affair as being shamelessly displayed by the Oyo State APC and as the ruling party it is worthy of note that such attributes from Oyo APC are not only unacceptable in a 21st century political space to say the least, but also disgusting for any serious politician. “We, therefore, want to put the Nigeria Police on red alert by calling on other security agencies in the State to, as part of proactive measures, put close monitoring measures in place in order to forestall any form of unpleasant end from the raging whirlwind within the Oyo State APC, because we understand that their hallmark which is ‘no other way if not my way’ may degenerate into chaos if not urgently tamed. “We know that the choice between paradise and hellfire lies on individuals, it behooves on individual persons, to in the spirit of taking advantage of salvation and redemption, heed the voice of reason and not use selfish and desperate political aspirations to plunge our dear pacesetter State into chaos,” he stated.