Ahead of the 2023 general election, former Local Government Council Chairmen in Jigawa State have vowed to be united in producing the next governor of the State. Operating under the aegis of “Forum of ex-Council Chairmen”, with members from the twenty-two Local Government Areas in Jigawa State, they called on Alhaji Mustapha Sule Lamido to join the State governorship race. The group declared that Jigawa State needed someone who is focused, and one who can harness the agricultural potentials and convert the State into an agricultural economy. The forum, whose membership is drawn from the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in a communique after a special meeting held at Gumel Foundation in Gumel Local Government Area of Jigawa State, said Mustapha has been tipped for the governorship position in the interest of the State. The communique, which was signed by the forum Chairman, Hon. Ali Idris Diginsa, the Secretary, Hon. Musa Abdullahi Karkana and twenty others and made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday, noted that other aspirants contesting governorship on any political platform were free to do so as a matter of their rights, but insisted that Alhaji Mustapha was tipped by them based on his capacity to handle the State. The former Chairmen said Jigawa could be considered lucky to have had the level of infrastructural development so far, but noted that those infrastructure needed to be deepened at the local government areas which they all represent. Part of the communique said: “We the former chairmen under the PDP administration held a special meeting and extended our call on Alhaji Mustapha Sule Lamido to contest governorship on the platform of the PDP. “We have taken cognisance of his sense of commitment, responsibility and vast knowledge which qualify him for the position, believing that he has the capacity to further develop the State. “Being a grassroot politician which he is, he can feel the pulse of the people of Jigawa State. We are pleading with him to come out and vie for the office of the Governor under the PDP.” Alhaji Mustapha is the son of the former governor of Jigawa State, Alhaji Sule Lamido.