Benue State governorship aspirant and a former Chief Press Secretary to Governor Samuel Ortom, Terver Akase has stated his position on the aspiration of Benue South, also known as Zone C, to be allowed to rule the state for the first time in 2023. Benue South is the Idoma-speaking part of the state. The agitation that the Idoma people be allowed to present a candidate for the 2023 governorship election in the state has recently dominated the media space. Despite the agitation, it is yet to be seen if the Tiv-speaking and majority ethnic group in the state will agree with the proposition. But Akase told DAILY POST that he has nothing against the aspiration of the Zone C people. According to him, democracy becomes more beautiful and sweeter when everybody is allowed to participate. He said he has had discussions with the Deputy Governor, Engr Benson Abounu who is also an aspirant for the top job and Hon. Patrick Ogbu on their aspirations and they are on the same page. The former CPS said while it’s good for the good people of Zone C to aspire for the big job, it’s equally important that Benue people consider the appeal by his people, the Jechira people, and also be given the opportunity to govern the state as the only opportunity they had in 1992 was truncated by the then military government. Akase said: “I see nothing wrong in the agitation or call by the good people of Zone C for the governorship of Benue State. That is what democracy is all about. That is the beauty of democracy. It makes it sweeter when people of different backgrounds show interest to run for the office. “The most important thing is to get someone who will lead Benue and continue from where Gov. Samuel Ortom will stop. Honestly, I have nothing against the aspiration of the good people of zone C, and I have spoken with the deputy governor one-on-one, who is also an aspirant. I have spoken with Hon. Patrick Ogbu. These are the two PDP aspirants from that zone. And I have told the Deputy Governor that if the PDP picks him as the candidate of our party, I will be the first person to queue behind him, and if it’s Patrick Ogbu that emerges, I will queue behind him. “They are competent people just like I am. And I find nothing wrong with the aspiration of the people of zone C. The most important thing is for us to be able to produce a governor that will continue to serve our people selflessly as Governor Samuel Ortom has done. My people, the people of Jechira are only appealing to the conscience of Benue people, that yes-we were given the chance to lead the state in 1992 through the Late Rev. Fr. Moses Adasu of blessed memory, but the military did not allow our people to show what they could do through their son and it was truncated in less than two years. Even on that ground, it’s not a forceful thing. We are just making an appeal to the conscience of Benue people that please, if we are permitted, one of us should take up the mantle of leadership in 2023 and continue from where Adasu stopped. But that is for Benue people to decide. “It all boils down to what the good people of our state will decide. If it’s zone C, I will have no problems with that. But if they say it’s Terver Akase, they can rest assured that I will provide the leadership that the people would want to see in 2023.”