A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo State, Alhaji Adebisi Olopoeyan, has told supporters of Governor Seyi Makinde to tell him the true situation of things in the party. Olopoeyan made this disclosure via a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday. Our correspondent gathered that the immediate past Deputy National Publicity Secretary of PDP, Diran Odeyemi had on Monday said it is needless for any member of the party to contest against Makinde in 2023. Odeyemi said if someone is thinking Seyi Makinde will lose a primary and governorship election in Oyo State, then such person is making a big mistake. DAILY POST recalls that Makinde won the gubernatorial election on the platform of PDP in 2019. But, Olopoeyan while reacting, said that people like Odeyemi should not deceive the Governor that he will win the election again in 2023. Olopoeyan noted that being an incumbent governor is not an automatic ticket to winning the election for the second time. He warned Odeyemi and his colleagues to stop playing to the gallery. The PDP chieftain advised those who are close to the governor to tell him the truth. Olopoeyan said that Odeyemi should remember that Alao-Akala was a sitting governor when he lost the 2011 gubernatorial election. He added that late Abiola Ajimobi as a sitting governor also lost in the senatorial election in 2019. Olopoeyan said, “So, all that Diran Odeyemi said on the radio was just an attempt to hide the truth from a person that needed it. It is high time people like Diran Odeyemi, who are close to Governor Seyi Makinde to stop playing to the gallery. “They need to start telling Governor Seyi Makinde the truth, not just be uttering all the governor wants to hear all the time. “It is just unfortunate for someone like Diran Odeyemi to be hiding the truth, just imagine Diran Odeyemi giving governor Seyi Makinde false hope, how can someone says it is needless to contest against Makinde because he is a sitting governor. “Diran Odeyemi has forgotten so soon what happened to late Alao Akala and late Ajimobi as sitting governors”.