Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. There was confusion at Ebenebe, in Awka North Local Government Area of Anambra State, on Saturday, when suspected cultists invaded a burial ceremony and gunned down some guests. The gunmen reportedly struck while the corpse was laid at the deceased’s compound. 2. Some officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) were abducted in Ngor Okpala Local Government Area of Imo State, on Saturday. INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in Imo, Prof Francis Ezeonu, who briefed journalists at the Commission’s secretariat in Owerri, the State capital, urged security agents to rescue the kidnapped staff. 3. INEC has announced new dates for the 2023 General Elections. The commission had earlier announced February 18, 2023, for the presidential election. However, on Saturday, the INEC Chairman, Prof Mahmood Yakubu, announced that Presidential and National Assembly elections would be held on February 25, 2023, while governorship and State Assembly elections will now be held on March 11, 2023. 4. As fighting rages between Russia and Ukraine, some Russian soldiers have been captured by troops in Ukraine. The capture of the Russian soldiers was confirmed by the Conflict Intelligence Team (CIT), a collection of investigators based between Russia and Ukraine. 5. The federal government says it has made necessary arrangements to evacuate stranded Nigerians in Ukraine to Poland. The Embassy of Nigeria in Warsaw, Poland, in a public notice, said officials and volunteers would be at the Polish-Ukrainian borders to pick up Nigerians. 6. Chelsea owner, Roman Abramovich, has handed the club over to a charitable organisation. Abramovich made this known in a statement on Saturday. This is following the decision of Russian President, Vladimir Putin to go to war with neighbouring Ukraine. 7. The Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers, NUPENG, has issued the petroleum products marketers 24 hours to revert to the official depots’ price of petrol or risk unpleasant consequences. NUPENG issued the warning on Saturday in a statement by its President and General Secretary, Prince William Akporeha and Afolabi Olawale. 8. Former Vice-President, Atiku Abubakar has said that he would soon officially declare his intention to contest the 2023 presidential race. Atiku stated this on Saturday, after a closed-door meeting with former President Olusegun Obasanjo at his (Obasanjo) residence, in Abeokuta, Ogun. 9. The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Police Command has rescued the eleven (11) victims abducted in Gwargwada community, Kuje area of the FCT on February 17, 2022. The victims were rescued on Saturday, February 26, 2022. 10. Suspected terrorists, in separate attacks, killed seven persons at Kuriga, along the Birnin Gwari-Kaduna highway, in Kaduna State. A pupil of Government Science Secondary School, Birnin-Gwari, was reported to have escaped with a bullet wound on his way to register for the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board’s Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination in the State capital.