The Organized Labour in Kogi State has suspended their proposed strike action over the non-implementation of the N30,000 minimum wage by the state government. Recall that the organized labour in the state, last Saturday, issued a fresh seven-day ultimatum to the Kogi State Government urging them to implement the N30,000 new minimum wage or it will embark on an indefinite strike. Announcing the suspension of the proposed strike on Wednesday, the Kogi State Chairman, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Onuh Edoka at a press briefing in Lokoja said the agreement by the state government to implement the new minimum wage led to the suspension of the industrial action by the workers. He appreciated Governor Bello for following the path of honour, adding that, the government has lifted the state from the list of states that are yet to implement the new minimum wage. Edoka explained that the implementation of the new minimum wage will add value to the lives of Kogi workers. According to him, the implementation of the new national minimum wage of N30,000 will be implemented fully for grade levels 01 to 06, while the percentage of the consequential adjustment for grade levels 07 to 17 will be partially implemented pending the time the economy of the state improves. “On the issues of cash backing for all promotion, payment of leave bonuses and annual increments, it was also agreed that the government will compute the financial implications in order to work out modalities for implementation. “The agreed state salary structure for the implementation of the new national minimum wage of N30,000 and its consequential adjustment covers both State and Local Government workers. For the purpose of resolving the issues of payment of salary, it was further agreed that the ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, and the Trade Unions at the Local level must initiate further discussions to ensure that the issues are amicably and genuinely resolved,” he said. While urging workers to go about their daily activities, Edoka assured that no person will be victimised for any role in the course of the industrial dispute that has been amicably resolved.