The immediate past chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Plateau State, Hon. Latep Dabang, has begged the people of the state to forgive him for leading the campaign to enthrone the APC-led administration in the state. Dabang recently dumped the broom and has taken shelter under the umbrella of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He said his action, in collaboration with other stakeholders in the state, whom he convinced, has created the confusion the state is now facing. Dabang asked for forgiveness during a mega rally organised by the PDP ahead of the forthcoming bye-elections in Jos North/ Bassa Federal constituency and Pankshin South State constituency held at the Polo field, in Jos, the state capital. He said, “I’m here to apologise to the people of Plateau, I brought the change and the APC.; I moved from clan to clan, family to family; I visited the 53 ethnic communities in the state, including South-South, Igbo, Yoruba, middlebelt tribes and we all created the confusion that we are now facing on the Plateau.” According to him, “Since I was the chief masquerade, I know where I tied the hyena; and so being the person that tied the hyena, I know how to untie it. “I have told them that this return is tagged: ‘The Great Movement’, it’s not only the returnees, but the PDP is on a match; a great movement to take Nigeria back to glory. “For those who are still remembering cucumbers in Egypt, tell them, we have crossed the red sea, and are on our way to the Promised Land,” he stressed. On the forthcoming bye-election in Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency, Latep said, all the APC elements in the constituency belong to him, “And I have told them, there is no more APC.” He urged people from the aforementioned constituency to come out on Saturday and vote for the PDP candidate (Hon. Musa Agah Avia). “The time for confusion has passed, we are all moving to PDP, all what they are doing is just a waste of time PDP has taken over, ” he boasted. Also speaking, chairman of the PDP in the state, Hon. Chris Hassan, urged members of the party and constituents of Jos North/Bassa Federal constituency and that of Pankshin South State Constituency to come out en masse to vote for the PDP come Saturday, February 26, 2022 for the bye-elections. DAILYPOST recalls that the two bye-elections were necessitated as a result of the demise of Hon. Maitala and Hon. Henry Longs.