As the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) prepares for its national convention, claims and counterclaims on the zoning of key positions of the party have continued to generate issues. Many heavyweights and pressure groups within the party have also relentlessly proposed one system or the other, intended to scheme other groups or blocs, with some working to sabotage the convention entirely. For the ruling party and the convention planning committee led by Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni, it is one day, three dramas – one in the morning, another in the afternoon and one in the evening. As the party draws close to its national convention, fixed for Saturday 26th February 2022, there are now six top contenders, all from the north, gunning for the number one seat of the party. The front liners are as expected, former governors, serving senators, serving ministers and others. For the umpteenth time, rumours have gathered that the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) zoned certain positions but Governor Buni has as many times countered the speculations, saying, the committee had not concluded on any zone to produce any position. Nigerians will recall that recently, a front-page story of a leading national newspaper of Thursday, February 17, 2022, had the headline, ‘Finally, APC Governors Reach Consensus, Zone Chairmanship To North Central’. The paper claimed that the Progressive Governors Forum (PGF) met in Abuja and agreed to zone the number one seat to North Central while zoning the Deputy National Chairman (DNC) and National Secretary Positions to the South. Although the paper didn’t mention in particular, names of those in attendance at the said meeting, who could have taken such a vital decision on behalf of the party, it attributed its source to someone close to the governors who did not want his name mentioned. According to the “source”, the Governors also micro-zoned the chairmanship to Benue State and tipped Buhari’s Minister on Special Duties and Intergovernmental Affairs, Senator George Akume as the anointed one. Well, speculations are rife that the governors actually met.
“Yes, they (Governors) met but they could not resolve on the zoning. Although many who spoke were in support of zoning the chairmanship position to North Centre, it was not concluded. “It is after they have convinced the southern Governors and they have accepted it that we can say the PGF has zoned the position. If anyone tells you anything otherwise, let him mention the names of the Governors in that meeting and also mention whoever addressed the press. In such meetings, the Chairman of the PGF would address the press and open up on the decision of his forum. But for now, nothing like that”. Another close source at the CECPC had told me that, though the PGF has the right to suggest to the planning committee or proffer advice, just like any other group or organ in the party; the governors had not written to the Committee on anything zoning. “I understand their Tuesday’s meeting on zoning ended in deadlock, so don’t let anyone deceive you. Come to think of it, why would they zone a position to North Central and sat there immediately and picked only one aspirant, is Akume the only aspirant from North Central? Why would they ask those from the South to go home and meet with aspirants and bring candidates for DNC and Secretary, but in the case of chairmanship, they said they have picked a particular person. “I don’t believe such cock and bull story and I think nobody would even believe it. We have channels of communication in our party. APC is a ruling party that has everything, the Progressive Governors that I know, are very experienced and principled. They would not want to send such a sensitive message to the CECPC via a page of a newspaper. “They have the right, like any other organs of the party, to advise the planning committee, but nothing like that has happened. We are working diligently to see that the convention holds and with a credible outing too”, my source added. However, in the thick of the apparent uncertainty in the APC, a House of Assembly aspirant from Benue State, Edwin Ochogwu has claimed, “the PGF is divided into 3 to 4 camps and the news could be the latest mischief by one of the groups to deceive other members of the PGF and the general public”. It is an open secret that the proposed national convention of the APC has been a subject of controversy for the past few weeks, some party faithful has been calling for its postponement, amidst crises at state chapters as well as lawsuits of various kinds. What remains a fact at the moment is that many APC chieftains are currently in court either at the state or national levels, trying to stop the convention. It remains to be seen, what would become of the APC as its convention approaches. Yemi Itodo writes from Abuja and can be reached at itodoyemi@gmail.com.