Governor Dapo Abiodun has reacted to the series of killings and crimes dominating Ogun State in recent times. Abiodun expressed worries over what he called the slide in the moral ethos and the palpable mindlessness that accompany the get-rich syndrome in the society, particularly among the youth, declaring that measures would be put in place to nip the menace in the bud. The governor said this on Wednesday during the installation of the new Orimolusi of Ijebu Igbo, Oba Lawrence Jaiyeoba Adebajo, after 28 years interregnum. Abiodun said he was traumatised and scandalised that youths are involved in killing and dismembering of fellow human beings for rituals. “I am always traumatised beyond words when I hear of our youth’s involvement in the spate of killings and dismembering of human beings for ritual purposes. I am particularly scandalized these young ones – teenagers – are being fingered as perpetrators of these dastardly acts,” he marvelled. The governor expressed concerns that Ogun State that was known over the years for being at the vanguard of what he remembered ‘Omoluabi’ ethos is now in the news for negative reasons, saying, “I wonder when this malady l became the norm!” He solicited the help of traditional rulers, teachers and parents to put an end to the ugly development. He added, “Let me use this opportunity to solicit the support of our traditional rulers, parents, teachers, heads of various institutions of learning, community leaders, religious leaders and indeed all of us, to always preach and act as a good moral compass and mentors to our children and youths. “Money should not be the sole determinant of success. Integrity should count more. But, let me also warn that we shall deal decisively with anyone involved in any heinous crime in accordance with the relevant laws. There is no compromise on this. Ogun State is known over the years for being at the vanguard of ‘Omoluabi’ ethos. I wonder when this malady l became the norm!” While promising to engage the youths positively, Abiodun called on elders, parents and guardians to inculcate the right attitude into their wards, saying, “We all owe it a duty to stop this scourge by whatever legal means possible.” He threatened to “fight this menace with everything at our disposal,” stressing that “We will not be identified by this notoriety.” Abiodun posited that, “Our culture frowns at this and we must bring propriety back into the psyche of the children who we will leave the future behind for.” “For us, we have emplaced security measures in schools and all the villages, hamlets and towns to ensure zero-tolerance for ritualists. We will trail them, apprehend them, investigate them and make them serve as examples for those harbouring such sinister routes to wealth acquisition,” Abiodun submitted.