The Nigeria Police Force has said there is nothing like money ritual, warning Nigerians to stop killing fellow human beings. Lately, the killing of humans for purported money rituals have become a trend among young Nigerians who are in a hurry to get rich. Aside from those who were caught in the act of killing or those seen with body parts, DAILY POST gathered that mutilated human bodies have been found in different locations across Nigeria with killers such persons unknown. In Ogun State, no fewer than three cases of ritual killing were reported in the past two weeks. Nigerians were taken aback when 18-year-old Soliudeen Majekodunmi recounted how he, alongside his three friends, beheaded his girlfriend, Sofiat Okeowo and burnt her head in a local pot for money ritual. On Saturday, a couple, 43-year-old Kehinde Oladimeji and his wife, Adejumoke Raji, were arrested by the police for killing a girl, who was a friend to the wife at Leme area of Abeokuta. The head of the victim, they confessed, was sold at the rate of N70,000. Likewise, DAILY POST correspondent reported earlier that some two men in Oja Odan area of Ogun were lynched and burnt to ashes by a mob when they were caught with a fresh human head. It was gathered that people who engage in this act believe the body parts could be used for rituals that would propel them into sudden wealth and riches. But, the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said no money could come through the killing of fellow human beings. Oyeyemi, who described as worrisome, the increasing rate of ritual killing in Ogun and Nigeria, called on well-meaning individuals to join hands in putting an end to the menace. While speaking in an interview with newsmen at the Ogun State police headquarters, Eleweran, Abeokuta, the cop said the act is man’s inhumanity to man, adding that it is the superlative degree of animalistic behaviour. He condemned the act in its entirety, saying it is barbaric, despicable and unacceptable. “It is becoming worrisome, the rate at which some disgruntled elements are killing their fellow human beings for money-making rituals. It is something that all well-meaning Nigerians should have to put all hands on deck to checkmate. “This is the height of man’s inhumanity to man. It is the superlative degree of animalistic behaviour. There is nothing like money-making ritual. It is barbaric, it is despicable and it is not acceptable.” The Ogun police spokesman charged parents to warn their children, urging adults and anyone aiding and abetting the crime to stop henceforth. He stressed that the hand of the law will catch up with those perpetrating the evil, no matter where they hide.