Our first Auto Auction Company conducts its business in a manner that satisfaction is guaranteed such that there wouldn’t have to be any issue with our clients. The difference between the rich and the poor is information. When prospective buyers ask if we are a car dealer, we tell them we are not, but a broker: A Broker is a company or an individual who arranges transactions between the seller and the buyer for a commission when the deal is executed. Our services attract a flat charge of N100, 000 depending on the year and model of the car. You can pay for any car won directly to the auction company in USA by yourself if you have Dollar bank account with any Nigerian bank or we help you pay if you agree with our exchange rate of 570/$ as we get dollars from black market. We will land the car in a more affordable price that fit your budget compared to what the dealers are selling here in Nigeria and that is if you follow our processes and procedures. This is what our company has for clients compared to what dealers in Nigerian will offer you. 1. We make sure we buy cars that are affordable and fit your budget. Do you know you can actually get any TOYOTA products or any other type of products for a low budget as far as you are ready to pay a security deposit that will give us guarantee that you will pay after we have helped you buy in our auction? We shall teach and simplify it to you on how it works. We have been in the market since 2015. You just have to trust and believe our company and be ready to work with us, if not you will keep spending a lot for a car dealers here in Nigeria; we understand you might be skeptical to part with your money pending the arrival of the car. We require a security deposit of $600 or 10% of your budget for buying or anyone that is convenient in Naira equivalent (Refundable fees) to kick start the process and to be sure we are dealing with a serious client. This deposit can be recall back if you change your mind, we will honorably refund it within 72 hours. 2. We will buy a car that has SECURED AIRBAG; do you know that 72% of cars on Nigerian roads do not have an Airbag? These are the cheapest cars in auction and that is what the dealers will sell for you after fixing them in Nigeria. They do this because some people just want to buy car they see irrespective of the condition. We make sure we do not buy front damaged car for you, do you know that 44% of car in Nigeria have a flood history and that is why the air-conditioner will never work perfectly. Ordinarily, a good car should have a chilly air-conditioner but because a rewire has overworked it and it will never be 100% perfect. 4. At our auction company, we will never buy a severely damaged vehicle for you but you can get a car that has a dent at the back and not in the front because of the engine. (Minor Dent). Any car that has had head-on collision, there is tendency that the engine would have been affected or chassis broken. Actually, up to 55% of cars in Nigeria have a history of being front damaged.  BELOW IS HOW OUR PROCESS WORK: 1. Search for any car of your choice. Send us the Name, model and year of the car you are interested in www.copart.com or www.iaai.com, or we can help you search and send you FOUR different option with full pictures and you will have to choose any two you like but we may have to advise you on your budget and also advise you in a professional ways on any car you choose. It is not about body of the car but about the history which we will consider first as we have just signed a contract to partner with the car fax check company in USA and also have a contact that will check the car and send video if possible before buying. 2. You pay for only PURCHASE and SHIPPING after we have won the bid and our company shall be responsible for trucking and clearing payment. We then send you the dock receipt after one week of delivering the car to the shipping port and our delivery duration is just 32 days as we ship by Grimardli. We do no linger issues bill of laden anymore but the shipper will issue what is called TELEX RELEASE directly to the shipping company after we have paid their fee. Our company will handle the clearance by paying a genuine and reasonable custom duty and you pay us balance after you come for inspection at the port or you are free to engage your own clearing agent but make sure you do not fall victim of clearing agent that will be introducing SHORT PAYMENT TO YOU but rather go for COMPROMISE CLEARANCE which will give you rest of mind and you don’t have to worry about traveling outside Lagos. Though any car cleared with SHORT PAYMENT will come out of the port but will not be able to travel out of the port so what is the essence? Let avoid any offer that is too real to be true. We are giving this assurance to our prospective clients that we will deliver on our promises and we also believed that we owe them DUTY OF CARE on their goods and we promises to follow up and handle their job with utmost care. Since the pandemic in 2020 and due to increase in Forex and inflations in the country which is having negative effect on number of demands unlike before in past years , we have reduced the number of our employee, We apologize for any slow in response you might have been experiencing and we will make sure we contact you better on phone instead or whatsapp.Sometimes we have hundreds of people asking for same pictures and it may not be possible to keep sending pictures to everyone without commitment. You can take a step of faith by visiting our company lawyer to sign necessary forms in his office on request who will take you through the process or fill our contact form on the website after paying the security deposit. Please note that security deposit is still part of your money which can be deducted after final approval. Also note that you can lose the deposit if the time of payment expired or delayed in the balance. Please make sure you are ready before committing yourself as we are not desperate to receive your money. 5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD GET YOUR CAR THROUGH US 1. It allows you to know the history of the car you are buying. We will handle that for you or click on the BANNER on the website and check the history yourself. 2. It allows you to know the true pictures of the Odometers or Mileage. Click on the BANNER on the website and check the history yourself. 3. It allows you to differentiate between Flood car, Salvage car and clean title car. Click on the BANNER on the website and check the history yourself. 4. It allows you to know the condition of the Engine and air-conditioning. Click on the BANNER on the website and check the history yourself. 5. It allows you to distinguish between the car they sell here in Nigeria and the one we will auction/import for you from the USA. Click on the BANNER on the website and check the history yourself. It is time to stop concluding that a car is good when the body is neat but it is now time to start looking at the above stated reasons. Basically, the car we import will serve you for the next 5 years if you know how to maintain your car (LIFE SPAN OF ANY CAR DEPEND ON THE USER). We thank those who that have done business with us from Port Harcourt, Abuja and Northern Nigeria and those that have visited our company lawyer, Those that have sent money without coming and those that have just placed their order, as we urge them to keep referring us to their relatives, friends, colleagues and associates. Only the company account is allowed to pay any genuine money to and not in individual account. For those people asking us to open in Abuja soon our office in Abuja shall be opened soon. Visit our website www.awoofcarauction.com today to get started AWOOF CARS AUCTION SERVICES INT’L LIMITED 35B ABISOGUN LEIGH, OGBA, IKEJA, Lagos Phone: 08023851599, 01-2911515 Email info@awoofcarauction.com Mobile/What Sapp 08023851599. Website www.awoofcarauction.com