The Atyap Community Development Association (ACDA) in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State has alleged that the attacks going on in the area are carefully planned and being executed to eliminate the Atyap race from the face of the earth. Briefing newsmen in Kaduna on Monday on situation report from Atyapland, the President, ACDA, Comrade Samuel T. Achie, said that the Atyap people have remained resolute in pursuing the peace initiated by our paramount ruler, Sir Dominic Yahaya Gambo and other sons and daughters of the land, lamenting that the enemies of peace-keep inflicting pains by invading their villages and killing their people at will and getting away with it. According to him, “The unfortunate thing is that at any time there is a peace meeting with either government officials, representatives of Fulani organizations or the NGOs to try and advance the peace process, the next will be an attack on the land by the Fulani terrorist militias, who subsequently vanish without any trace of their whereabouts. “The ability of the attacking terrorists to disappear without trace appears surprising. We call on the security forces to step up and show commitment to end the killings, to protect the lives and properties of the citizens.” He noted that the escalating violence against the Atyap communities continues to beat human imagination, alleging that with the deliberate perpetuation of violence against the Atyap Chiefdom and communities in Zangon Kataf Local Government area of Kaduna State, the lives of citizens have been reduced to nothing in the land, and the lives and properties of their people are being obliterated at will by those that feel they are protected and can do whatever they want with human lives and go free. He stated that of recent, many lives and innumerable properties have been destroyed in villages like Abuyab, Mazaki, Mawakili, Takjei, Matache, Matagama, Gora Gan, Kurmin Masara and Atisa, saying that on Sunday 30th January 2022, 11 people were brutally murdered by Fulani terrorist militia forces, many were wounded, over 30 houses burned and over 100 people displaced. “Again, on Monday, January 31, 2022, Atisa village in (Kurmin Masara) was attacked and 5 lives lost and 8 houses burned down too. Even in the presence of the security checkpoints in Bakin Kogi and Ashaawuce both less than a kilometer from the scene, some people from the area are still missing and unaccounted for,” he explained. Achie further noted that during one of the Atyap people’s visits at the invitation of Governor Nasir El-Rufai, the governor publicly applauded the efforts of the Agwatyap on the efforts to sustain the peace initiative and the high respect he had for the paramount ruler, stressing that despite all this, His Royal Highness and the Atyap nation have been left alone to carry their cross for reasons best known to the government. He explained that Governor Nasir El-Rufai did give a deadline that by December 2021, if peace was not restored in Atyap land, he would withdraw all the security operatives, saying that given the obvious abandonment of the Atyap communities to their fate in the hands of violent and murderous terrorists armed to the teeth with sophisticated weapons. The National President added, “From what is transpiring, it has become obvious that the Fulani Terrorist Militias Forces and their sponsors feel they can take over Atyap despite the presence of government security personnel under whose noses they now perpetuate their heinous crimes against our peace-loving people.” He urged the government to wake up to its responsibility of protecting its citizens’ lives and properties, which the state governor swore on oath to protect, lamenting that they have cried enough, buried their people enough and lost enough of houses and properties and can’t take it anymore. He explained that whenever there is an attack, and the attackers are pursued by their people, they run into Zango for safety with the Hausas. He said that the international community should know that what is going on in their land is a genocide perpetrated by enemies of the land for reasons best known to them.