Following the Committee on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) report on confirmation of the appointment of National Commissioners, the Senate on Tuesday confirmed the nominees in accordance with the relevant provisions of the constitution. The Committee Chairman, Senator Kabiru Gaya, in his report explained that the nominees were all invited and asked questions on their part which were quite satisfactory. Gaya said most of the nominees are accomplished Nigerians who have contributed to the national economy in their various fields of endeavours. In his contribution, Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege commended the committee for their due diligence. He said: “That the Senate do receive and consider the report of the Committee on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on the confirmation of the nominations of the following persons for appointment as National Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission.” He said the election was a serious exercise in Nigeria to be left in hands of competent and serious-minded citizens which President Muhammadu Buhari eventually forwarded to the Senate. Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, speaking on behalf of Abia Senators commended the president for recommending an Abia citizen who worked at the INEC for 34 years as a National Commissioner. After contributions by other lawmakers in favour of the committee’s report, Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, called for confirmation of the nominees. The confirmed nominees are: 1. Malami Mohammed Haruna (Niger) – National Commissioner
2. Mrs May Agbamuche-Mbu (Delta) – National Commissioner
3. Ukeagu Kenneth Nnamdi (Abia) – National Commissioner
4. Maj. Gen. A.B.Alkali (rtd) (Adamawa) – National Commissioner
5. Engr. (Prof.) Rhoda H. Gumus (Bayelsa) – National Commissioner
6. Mr Sam Olumekun (Ondo) – National Commissioner
7. Olaniyi Olaleye (Ondo) – Resident Electoral Commissioner Each National Commissioner represents their geopolitical zone, while Mr Olaniyi Olaleye serves as Resident Electoral Commissioner.