The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Iyorcha Ayu, has blamed the root cause of the agitations for secession on political imbalance, marginalization of the South-East people, saying the party would handle southeast issues like the late President Umaru Yar’Adua settled the Niger Delta agitation. The PDP National Chairman stated this in Owerri, while addressing party faithful during the civic reception held to honor the National Secretary of the party, Senator Nnaemeka Samuel Anyanwu (Samdaddy) at Kanu Nwankwo Center Owerri Imo state Ayu, who boasted that the PDP would “return to Aso Rock”, and take over Imo State come 2023, said the government in place today at the centre is not the government that listens. The party National Chairman said, “We shall address the issue of Biafra agitation like Yar’Adua addressed Niger Delta issue when we eventually retake Aso Rock in 2023 . “We will not use DSS to kill your people like the APC-led administration did. PDP will win the 2023 election. Ayi, who assured that the PDP was ready to correct the abnormality, said what the South-East zone is passing through in Nigeria is not healthy and encouraging. He harped on the need to join the Peoples Democratic Party to change the narrative and proffer urgent solutions to the menace. The Governors of River, Abia, Uyo and Oyo States, Barr. Nyeso Wike, Mr. Okezie Ikpeazu, Udom Gabriel Emmanuel and Mr. Seyi Makinde, respectively, joined the PDP scribe in a grand reception. Speaking also Senator Nnaemeka Samuel Anyanwu vowed to use his office to unite PDP and return the party to winning ways. He assured that the PDP administration will change the narrative. His word, “We will unite the people. We have one common enemy which is APC, PDP is one now , I will not use my position to do wrong but use it to unite the party.” Similarly, Wike said Imo people who are fed up with the “maladministration” of the APC both National and Imo State ,were yearning for the return of PDP. He urged the people to be united, courageous and take back what belonged to them because Uzodinma has made it easy for PDP to retake the state. Also speaking, former Governor of Imo State, Hon Emeke Ihedooha, said, “We had made our mistakes in the past and we won’t repeat them again. We will win all elections in Imo State come 2023.”