Former Governor of Jigawa State, Alhaji Sule Lamido, has cautioned leaders and stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), that if the party doesn’t get things right ahead of the 2023 general elections, Nigeria will be in trouble. Lamido spoke on Monday, during a meeting of the members of the National Working Committee (NWC), of the party with past Governors and some zonal leaders of the party in Abuja. The former Jigawa State Governor harped on the need for the party to be properly organized, saying “if we lose power, Nigeria may likely come to an end.” Lamido noted that, “Since your (Ayu’s) election, there have been expectations by Nigerians as to which way forward, the only party with the capacity, networking and commitment in Nigerian politics is PDP. He continued, “In 2023, PDP is being looked upon as to which way Nigeria will go. If we don’t get things right in 2023 Nigeria will be in trouble. “A developed party is the only way in which a government is formed, a party that is not properly organised, directed cannot form a good government. That is why you see the APC, the party is not organized. “A good party platform, organised, committed to Nigeria will produce a very good government. “A party, which is in disarray and unorganized will spell doom for Nigeria like we are going through with the APC.” He described PDP as a single-family and the only hope for Nigeria in 2023. In his remark, the National Chairman of the PDP, Iyorchia Ayu, tasked past governors of the party and other leaders to help bring their colleagues and other chieftains who have left in anger, back to the party’s fold. Ayu described PDP as the only party truly owned by the people and which will not fall apart, no matter who leaves. The PDP National Chairman, while speaking at the meeting, said, “The first task I will give you (the former governors) immediately is to reach out to other of your colleagues who have benefited from this party, enormously and abandoned the party. “Where they are, we know, they’re not happy. Some of them are grumbling in silence. Kindly reach out to them and bring them back home,” he said. Ayu continued “We still regard them as our prodigal children. When they come, we’ll receive them, and they will continue to help to build the party and you who had interacted with them in the governors’ forum and other fora are the best people who can reach out to your colleagues to bring them back home.”