Former Rivers State Governorship aspirant, Prince Tonye Princewill has replied the state’s chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP which earlier accused him of working against the administration of Governor Nyesom Wike. DAILY POST had reported that a statement issued on Tuesday by Tambari Sydney Gbara, State Publicity Secretary of PDP in Rivers State, said Princewill accused the governor of threatening operators of illegal refineries in the state to join his party or be ready for persecution. Describing the allegation as offensive and highly provocative rantings, the PDP accused Princewill of being one of the operators who are causing havoc in many parts of the state. Reacting, the APC stalwart lamented that the state’s ruling party choose not to heed his advice but resorted to attacking him. Princewill, lamented the black soot in the state which is birthed by the activities of the illegal refinery operators, saying even the governor is affected and “there is still no end in sight”. He advised the Wike’s government to remain tough on illegal refining, but should also be tough on the causes of the criminal activities by employing the youth as the best solution to the illegal bunkering. In a statement he personally signed, Princewill opined that “people cannot stand in water and soap will be entering their eyes. How many new industries have we brought in, how many businesses? “Is it better to be loyal to jeeps and give them flyovers or be loyal to our many youths and women and give them a means of livelihood? These are the questions. I suggest we do all of the above and more, but give priority to the women and youths and spread development. “Not everything is about politics. Let me assure the PDP people listening that the next government will not discriminate against you. No matter your leanings, you will be safe. “What I expect of you is to love your state far more than you love your party. Think about your children and the children they will have to face. I’ve refused to abuse Wike, not because I cannot. All the angels know Wike has plenty of faults. I refuse to abuse him because that’s all we hear in the news. “APC abuses PDP, etc. Princewill tackles Wike and vice versa, meanwhile, our children are dying. This is the wrong message to send. After Wike has gone, nobody should touch him. I won’t support it. We have to move on. This season of bitterness has to end. “People who want to bring in their money to invest in Rivers, need to feel welcome. They need to know that we are jolly good fellows. They need to know that we are all brothers and sisters here. “Not political zealots, always on the attack, looking for who to smear. I know we can not change overnight, but I can play my part. It was Tonye Cole who taught me that it is not only physical violence that we should be avoiding, we should be avoiding the verbal violence as well”. Hon Princewill further called for peace, stating that nobody loves war more than him when the cause is just but the state really needs peace.