Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Nigerians have been urged to take President Muhammadu Buhari’s pledge to hand over a diversified, home grown economy, and a revamped Armed Forces to the next administration as an article of faith. According to the Buhari Media Organisation, in a statement signed by its Chairman Niyi Akinsiju and the Secretary, Cassidy Madueke, there are already signs that the Buhari administration would leave the country better than it met it. 2. A leader of the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) in Borno State has died from an explosion suspected to have been triggered by mines planted by Boko Haram insurgents. Five other persons sustained injuries in the incident which happened in Biu Local Government Area of Borno. 3. Three suspected kidnappers have been shot dead by security operatives comprising the police, military and vigilantes at Okwo road, Ehor community, in the Uhunmwode Local Government Area of Edo State. 4. The Federal Government is currently making efforts to obtain loans from Europe following the delay being experienced in China. Loans from China have been deployed in the rail infrastructure, regarded as one of the major achievements of the current administration. 5. Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State, on Wednesday, said criminals have threatened to go after him, following the anti-crime battle of his government. The governor, while speaking yesterday, in Abeokuta, hinted that the hoodlums are feeling the heat of the newly relaunched security outfit. 6. Senate President Ahmad Lawan has charged the military to “wake up” and protect Nigerians. He gave the charge after one of his colleagues raised a motion on the urgent need for drastic actions to bring to an end banditry and kidnapping. 7. The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Ibrahim Abdullahi has said the six geo-political zones of the country will be given equal opportunity to seek the party’s ticket for the 2023 Presidential election. 8. Nigeria’s four major aviation unions, on Wednesday, vowed to ground activities in the sector from Tuesday, February 8, 2022, over the failure of the Federal Government to release the negotiated conditions of service of aviation agencies since 2013 and the non-implementation of the National Minimum Wage/consequential adjustment since 2019. 9. Hoodlums have beheaded a retired policeman in Ages, Oguta Local Government Area of Imo State, Chris Kpatuma. It was gathered that the retired cop was killed on Tuesday. While the reason for his murder had not been ascertained, fear has gripped the residents of the area. 10. A fire, which spread from a burning bush, has consumed six rooms in a storey-building at Olagunju Estate, Offa in Offa Local Government Area of Kwara State. The incident, according to the State Fire Service, occurred on Monday night when an undergrowth fire from a nearby bush spread to the abandoned building which was formerly used as railway quarters in the estate.