Football Pundit, Richard Keys has hit out at Manchester United’s Cristiano Ronaldo, asking him to sign for Bournemouth if he wants to play every week. Keys also insisted the 37-year-old is “part of the problem” at Old Trafford. Ronaldo has 14 goals in all competitions since his return to United, including eight in the Premier League, but has now failed to score in his last six appearances. It’s the Portuguese veteran’s longest goal drought for more than a decade. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick opted to leave Ronaldo out of his starting XI for the midweek draw with Burnley, preferring to start Edinson Cavani as the central striker. Ronaldo cut a frustrated figure on the bench, only given a 20-minute cameo before storming down the tunnel after the full-time whistle. Much has been made of Ronaldo’s on and off-field histrionics with the striker often showing signs of frustration with his younger teammates. And Keys, speaking on beIN Sports, said: “Jorge Mendes was talking to senior Manchester United executives about leaving at the end of the season. “My own view of that is that he should leave now. “I’ve been of the opinion all season long that I think he’s as much a part of the problem – not the whole problem – as anything and anybody else. “The other night, when he went running down the tunnel at Turf Moor, having recently lectured everyone about being the leader he believes himself to be and that youngsters don’t do the sort of things he does…how does that encourage team spirit in the dressing room?” “That was not good to see,” co-host Andy Gray replied. “Totally wrong for him to do that. He’s obviously disappointed at not playing. “He’s playing against Burnley, the bottom of the league, he’s thinking ‘there’s a few goals in this for me’. “He is 37 years of age and knows he’s running out of time to play top football. You want to try and play as many games as you can.” Keys then interjected, adding: “That’s fine then, go and sign for Bournemouth and you’ll play every week.” Ronaldo played the entire 90 minutes on Saturday against Southampton but failed to score as United dropped more points in the race for a Champions League finish.