The Kwara State Government on Saturday clamped down on environmental sanitation offenders with the arrest of over 300 persons. They were arrested and charged for violating the environmental sanitation law of the state government. The exercise is a monthly routine which compels residents to stay indoors and clean their environments except those on essential duties. The State Commissioner for Environment, Abosede Olaitan Buraimoh, disclosed this on Saturday, during the monitoring of the monthly excercise, in the Ilorin metropolis. The Commissioner, who led the enforcement team alongside the Chairman, Environmental Sanitation Enforcement Taskforce, Air Vice Marshal, Ishaq Balogun, (rtd), warned that the current dispensation has zero tolerance for environmental pollution and would stop at nothing to keep Kwara clean. Buraimoh explained that the need to arrest the violators became necessary in order to put an end to environmental nuisance in the state. The Commissioner, who expressed dismay at people’s attitude during the exercise despite meetings held with various environmental stakeholders, sensitization, as well as publicity, on radio regarding the monthly exercise. She wondered why they still failed to adhere to sanitation rules of staying at home to clean up and tidy their surroundings. “It is disheartening that despite efforts of this administration at providing an enabling and sustainable environment to residents, people still went ahead violating the environmental laws of the state, not minding the fact that a filthy environment poses threats to individuals lives, forgetting that when epidemics break out, it knows no bound,” the Commissioner added. Buraimoh frowned at the act of indiscipline exhibited by people who refused to comply with the environmental law, warning that the subsequent exercise will equally be strictly enforced and monitored by state officials. She emphasized further that the enforcement of sanitation law will continue until people understand the need to take care of their environments and the implementation of the goal of sanitation exercise is achieved. “As citizens, proper waste disposal is a way of exercising your responsibilities as well as supporting government at putting an end to the scourge of filthy environments” she stressed. Earlier, Air Vice Marshal Balogun (rtd) strongly warned everyone to henceforth comply with the Environmental Sanitation Laws, otherwise they should be ready to face the full wrath of the law.