The Forum of All Progressives Congress (APC) Former Members of the House of Representatives has expressed displeasure that it was overlooked by the leadership of the party in consultations leading to the decision to make necessary amendments to the party’s constitution. The Forum, in a statement issued on Thursday by its Protem Chairman, Hon. Ibrahim Zailani, however, advised the leadership of the party to ensure due diligence before very sensitive publications like that are made public. It said, “The Forum however expressed displeasure that it was overlooked in consultations leading to the decision to even make necessary amendments in the Constitution.” The Forum, however, described the withdrawal of the proposed amendment of the party’s constitution as statutory members/delegates to the party’s National Convention as a decision well thought out by the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee(CECPC). It said its members were elated to see the advertorial signed by Senator John Akpanudoedehe where the withdrawal was confirmed. The Forum advised the leadership of the party to ensure due diligence before “very sensitive” publications like that are made public. It stated: “Yes we are glad the party leadership did the needful by quickly rectifying an error that could have spelt unimaginable consequences to the stability of the APC. “The truth needs to be told that such an inadvertent error that has overheated the party’s space for the past few days could have been avoided had proper scrutiny and due diligence been applied by the officers concerned. For us, this sort of scenario must be clearly avoided going forward”. The Forum noted that the reason given by the CECPC for the proposed removal of former and serving members of the National Assembly from the National Convention which was described as an inadvertent omission was also noted by the Forum. It said that as a body of principal stakeholders in APC, it is watching with keen interest events leading to the National Convention and the Presidential primary as they unfold. It added: “We hereby reiterate our plea to the leadership of the party that as a progressive entity, the onus is on our party to lead the way in espousing progressive ideologies chief of which is the institutionalisation of internal democracy. Anything short of this would mean no good for the unity and progress of our party.” The Forum also expressed its unalloyed loyalty and support to the CECPC and the party.