The controversy trailing the newly assented Obaship law in Ogun State is yet to subside as traditionalists have asked Governor Dapo Abiodun to put a hold on the strategic and delicate part of the process of king-making and burial, saying it may have consequences on affected towns. DAILY POST reported earlier that the new Obaship law has put an end to what the state government described as fetish practices in the installation and burial of traditional rulers. According to the new law, Obas can now be installed or buried according to their faith instead of the imposition of rituals by traditionalists in the affected communities. The law has been generating reactions from some Yoruba elders, who accused the Ogun State Government of plans to erode culture and traditions. At a press conference to commemorate an annual prayer organised by the traditionalists in Abeokuta on Tuesday, an appeal was made to Gov Abiodun not to see traditional worship as evil or an uncivilised practice. Oba Ifarotimi Balogun, who is the Olu-Isese worldwide, stated that Yoruba culture has helped to sustain the land from complete foreign invasion and cultural annihilation. “For this not to befall our cherished cultural values and tradition in Ogun State, we are passionately appealing on behalf of Oduduwa our father, the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi Enitan; Oba Adedotun Aremu Gbadebo, Alake of Egbaland and my humble self, Oba Ifarotimi Adifagbola Balogun, the Olu-Isese worldwide, that our dear Governor Prince Dapo Abiodun, should kindly put a hold on the strategic and delicate part on the process of king making, burial and chieftaincy title conferment.” According to Balogun, the processes of installation and burial of an Oba “are customarily being handled by our custodians of culture and tradition.” He said, “Your Excellency, we understand that we are in a modern age and you are trying to modernize our culture in line with the civilised society among other things that you could lay your hand on while in office. “But, we humbly wish to remind you that not all that pertains to tradition and culture can be changed without its implications, particularly the underlining factor that it might result in stripping off our traditional rulers’ values and reducing their traditional power, respect and honour among others, as embedded in the traditional protocols and which can brew attendant consequences upon a town. “Distinguished ladies and gentlemen, our traditional institution is facing so many challenges today, all because of lack of adequate basic knowledge about our tradition and the way government has perceived the traditional belief. In this regard, our Royal fathers need to do more to protect our heritage that is now going into extinction, while the western world is making good money from our very dynamic tradition to develop their countries.” Balogun also called on Abiodun to approve and declare a day as a public holiday for traditional worshippers in the state “just as it was done in the other southwestern states.”