The Oyo State chapter of Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) has urged the Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, and the Commissioner of Police in the state, Ngozi Onadeko, to without waiting more time fish out the policeman who killed a member of the organisation. The association noted that the need to bring the erring policeman to book is necessary so as the death of their member is not in vain. DAILY POST had earlier reported that a member of OPC identified as Morufu Ganiyu on Saturday, died as a result of gunshot wounds he sustained during an encounter with a policeman in Ibadan. Our correspondent gathered that Ganiyu was, until his death, a leader of a private security outfit in the area. Our correspondent gathered that the policeman attached to Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad (F-SARS), Lagos State, Obasanjo Atoyebi shot Ganiyu on Thursday, 17th February this year. The incident occurred at Imalefalafia junction, Oke-Ado area of Ibadan. Atoyebi is reportedly fond of shooting into the air twice every night whenever he is in Ibadan, where his family resides. Investigation revealed that around 11:30 pm on Thursday, 17th February, when Atoyebi came back home, he fired twice in the air. It was gathered that Ganiyu was in the vicinity that night to supervise his boys when he heard the gunshots. Some of the residents of the area, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that Ganiyu moved to the area to confront Atoyebi on why he was shooting unnecessarily. Our correspondent gathered that the policeman allegedly shot the OPC member twice in the process. The deceased later died on Saturday as a result of the injury he sustained. OPC coordinator in the state, Rotimi Olumo, while calling for proper investigation, urged both the police at the federal and state levels to fish out the policeman who shot their member which resulted in his death. Olumo who spoke with DAILY POST on Friday explained that the arrest and prosecution of the policeman would serve as a deterrent to other erring officers. “The incident occurred on Thursday, 17th February this year. We learnt that one of our members named Morufu Ganiyu who is providing private security for the car dealers at Imalefalafia up till Iyana Ososami area was shot twice by a policeman known as Obasanjo Atoyebi. “Obasanjo Atoyebi has one wife there and he usually comes at midnight. The people of the areas have complained bitterly about his unnecessary shootings at midnight whenever he arrived. “On that fateful day, Obasanjo Atoyebi fired gunshots when he arrived the area in the midnight. He has a pistol that he usually puts it in his pocket. Morufu Ganiyu challenged him on why he arrived at that time and why the unnecessary shootings. “Obasanjo Atoyebi then shot him twice. He first shot him in the chest and when he discovered that he did not die, he later shot him in the stomach. “Those who were around rushed him to a hospital where they removed the bullets. They removed the one at the chest but, the man died because they could not remove the one in the stomach. “What we are saying is that once a soldier is a soldier forever. He is a Yoruba man. Morufu Ganiyu was one of our coordinators. “Is it alright for a policeman to be killing members of the public? Whether a dismissed policeman or serving policeman. “We are using this medium to inform the federal and state governments that Obasanjo Atoyebi should not go unpunished. Morufu Ganiyu should not die in vain. If the activity of a person like Ayoyebi is not challenged many of them will do such a thing. “We are using this medium to tell the IGP and the commissioner of police in Oyo State to fish out Atoyebi for him to pay for the offence he committed”. But, efforts made to get a reaction from the spokesman of Oyo State Police command, Adewale Osifeso, proved abortive as calls put through to his phone were not answered. He also did not respond to text messages sent to him for comments.