Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola has recalled what the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, told him in 2018 while handing Gboyega Oyetola to him as his successor. The Minister spoke in Ijebu Ijesa, Osun State on Monday while addressing APC faithful and stakeholders ahead of the party’s governorship primary. He suggested that when Governor Oyetola reneged on his promises to be loyal and walk with him, the person, who handed him (Oyetola) over to him did not draw his attention to the failings. Aregbesola described Oyetola as the most “useless and corrupt governor in the history of the state” vowing to ensure he does not return to office for another four years. Aregbesola, Osun State Governor from 2010 to 2018, and Oyetola, who is seeking reelection, have been at loggerheads for sometimes over the control of APC organs in the state. Both politicians belong to the same ruling APC. Aregbesola has now declared support for former Secretary to the State Government, Moshood Adeoti, in Saturday’s governorship primary. The minister also declared war against his erstwhile political mentors and associates who are supporting Oyetola for a return, including APC chieftain, Bola Tinubu; and ex-Osun governor, Bisi Akande. “With suffering, pains and perseverance, we nurtured this party to the stage it is – with sweat, tears, blood and even lost lives,” he said. “After we served for eight years, it wasn’t only party members that benefitted from our administration, the entire state did. I went everywhere in Osun with projects. “However, by the time my successor was handed over to me around May or July 2018, I was told, ‘Rauf, this is the ideal successor that would stand by you. He would further showcase your efforts. He would not betray you; he would not dim the light of your glory’. “That was what the person, who handed him over to me said. If the person is listening to me, it would resonate with him, if he said so or not. But, did he do as he was vouched for? “And when he reneged on these promises, did the person, who handed him over to me draw his attention to these failings? Anyway, isn’t the person the one we now see today?”