The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Ibrahim Abdullahi has said the six geo-political zones of the country will be given equal opportunity to seek the party’s ticket for the 2023 Presidential election. Abdullahi who stated this on Wednesday when he received Northern Advocates of Good Governance (NAFGG) on behalf of the PDP National Chairman, Dr Iyorchia Ayu at the party’s headquarters in Abuja hinted that the party’s 2023 Presidency will be thrown open. He disclosed that “the new National Working Committee (NWC) under the leadership of Senator Iyorchia Ayu has already resolved that it will ensure the six geo-political zones of Nigeria are given equal opportunity to bill for the available offices to rescue and rebuild Nigeria. Abdullahi said ” there will be hope for Nigerians who have lost hope in the current government and their hope will be redeemed. In the days ahead you will find the vehicle to join which is PDP. That dashed hope, that lost hope will be rekindled”. PDP deputy publicity scribe commended the group which is demanding that the party’s presidential ticket be zoned to North East or North Central. He said, ” the PDP will provide equal opportunity for Nigerians to bill for the available political offices, for those who are interested in pursuing the presidency, we are opening it up for every Nigerians to pursue and many other offices that are national in outlook, Nigerians are free to pursue”. “As we speak, every Nigerian is bidding from the south-east, from the south-west, and from the north, no section of Nigeria is denied an opportunity to contest or aspire, it is left for Nigerians to decide where they want to allow the president go, he noted. A letter by the Northern Advocate of Good Governance (NAFGG), dated 2nd February 2022 addressed to the National Chairman of the PDP and signed by National Coordinator, Mallam Mahmoud Mohammed Katun requested that the party’s presidential ticket be thrown open. NAFGG said it vehemently kicks against what it described as “illogical pressure” being mounted by some interest groups and self-serving politicians, who are insisting that the presidency of Nigeria in 2023 must be zoned to the Southern part of the country. The group said for the avoidance of doubt, nobody has the right to exclude any segment of this country from aspiring for the highest office in the land, especially segments of the North that have never had the opportunity of occupying the prime position. The letter in part read “We state without equivocation that the presidency of Nigeria is open to all zones and most importantly, zones that have not produced the president of our country. “We denounce those propagating the southern agenda and further make bold to say that these are nothing but the machinations of a few politicians who are only after their self-interest, under the guise of rotational Presidency. “In the eventuality that the All Progressives Congress (APC), PDP, All Progressives Grand Alliance(APGA), Young Progressives Party (YPP) or any other political party wish to zone their presidential tickets, the North East and North Central should be considered first because these two zones have not produced the president of Nigeria “We will not condone twisted and half-baked conclusions. From 1999 to 2023, the South would have ruled Nigeria for 14 years, while the North for 10 years. Why should we then prioritise the South to take over when the North has a shortfall? “Giving priority to zones in the North that haven’t had the opportunity, should be done to guarantee equity, fairness and justice. “But even more importantly, it is our considered position that political parties should prioritise experience, competence and capacity in choosing or zoning their presidential tickets. “Both the North East and North Central parts of the country have very distinguished and eminently qualified people to run for the president of Nigeria in their various political affiliations. In fact, we dare any group to suggest a candidate that can rival the likes of Atiku Abubakar, Bukola Abubakar Saraki and Bala Mohammed, all eminent and qualified aspirants from the aforementioned zones. “We are of the view that if the principle of Zoning is to be observed to the latter, both the North East and North Central should be considered as they represent 2 out of 3 zones that have not produced the President of Nigeria as things stand”.