The All Progressives Congress (APC) members in the Sokoto State House of Assembly, have urged the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) to recognise and inaugurate the Isa Achida-led State executive in the interest of harmony, justice and fair play. The position of the lawmakers was made known in a petition addressed to the Caretaker Committee of the party. The petition made available to journalists on Monday in Abuja, was jointly signed by Hon. Bello Ambura, Hon. Addullahi Zakari, Hon. Aminui Bodai, Hon. Muhammed Idris, Hon. Abubakar Yabo, Hon. Faruku Amadu, Hon. Alhaji Maidawa, Hon. Saidu Ibrahim, Hon. Tukur Bodinga and Hon. Kabiru Dauda. They said: “It is desirable to recall the circumstances that brought Hon. Aminu Muhammad Achida to the position of the Speaker. Originally, Hon. Aminu was not the choice of the majority of the party stakeholders, however, we have reasons to believe that he secretly struck a deal with the PDP controlled State Government to make him the Speaker in return for his loyalty and support.” “Apparently, the current actions of Mr. Speaker in the present APC leadership tussle in the state are only indications of his desire to satisfy his benefactors, who are hell-bent on creating factions with the aim of destroying the Sokoto State APC.” They lawmakers said they have been watching with great concern, developments in respect of the leadership of APC in Sokoto State. They noted that a false impression was being created that the Speaker of the Sokoto State House of Assembly, Mr. Aminu Achida, was enjoying the full support of all APC members in the House in his infamous effort to create a faction in the State APC, so as to serve the interest of his masters in the PDP. The lawmakers noted that it was against this background that they wish to categorically state that the Speaker was alone in his actions and utterances and does not enjoy the support of his APC majority in the Sokoto State House of Assembly. “Accordingly, we-wish to request the Acting National Caretaker Committee, under His Excellency Mai Mala Buni to recognize and inaugurate the Isa Sadiq Achida led State Executive, in the interest of party harmony, justice and fair play,” they said