The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Anambra State has said it will drag its candidate in the 2021 governorship election, Senator Andy Uba and the factional chairman of the party, Basil Ejidike to court. The party in a press briefing on Wednesday said its decision followed the recent conduct of congresses in the state by factions led by the duo, which they said ignored a State High Court judgment stopping them from doing so and another Appeal Court order which sacked Ejidike while installing a former chairman of the party, Emeka Ibe. In a press conference held in Awka, the state secretary of the APC, Mr Chukwuma Agufugo and other stakeholders dismissed Uba as the leader of the party in the state and affirmed the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige as the authentic leader. Agufugo in the conference said: “APC in Anambra is under siege. Some anti-democratic forces have taken over the party in the state, but we will not allow them. “We hold this press conference today to dispel some information that enemies of the party have been dishing out to the unsuspecting public. The problem of the party started during the last governorship primary election, which was meant to elect, not select a flag bearer.” Agufugo said it was unfortunate that Uba sidelined every other aspirant of the party to impose himself as a flag bearer, leading to a woeful outing by the party in the 2021 governorship election. “That election registered a very devastating outcome and it is the worst election our party has ever had since 2013 when it was formed. The truth is that those who led the party to such a poor outing should have long resigned, but they still carry on, purporting to be leaders of the party. “They ignored the resolution of the party to install Emeka Ibe as chairman, and blatantly refused to obey the Appeal Court order, which removed Ejidike and installed Emeka Ibe. Our members who instituted that court case are here, and we have advised them to go to court and apply for forms 48 and 49 against both Andy Uba and Basil Ejidike. “The law is no respecter of man and they have run afoul of the order of the court, and that is contempt, and they must pay for it,” Agufugo said.