Niger State Governor, Alh. Abubakar Sani Bello, has sworn-in Justice Halima Ibrahim Abdulmalik as the Acting Chief Judge of the state. Justice Abdulmalik took over as Acting CJ from former Chief Judge CJ of the State, Justice Lami Bawa Bwari, who officially took a bow for retirement today. Bello, at the valedictory court session in honour of the immediate past CJ, Justice Bwari and the swearing-in of the Acting CJ Justice Abdulmalik, held at the High Court of Justice, Minna, described the former CJ as calm and meticulous in all she does. “Justice Bwari has done well, she consolidated on all the achievements made by her predecessors, we are surely going to miss her,” he stated. Speaking on the challenges confronting the judicial arm of government, Bello noted,” addressing the challenges is a continuous process and we will not relent in doing so.” He also described the Acting Chief Judge of the state as a hard-working person saying, “I have worked with her for some time, she has chaired some of our committees, I’ve given her some responsibilities which she did very well.” The former CJ in her valedictory address, said, the support she got from the government and other administrative staff, helped her in the discharge of her duty that enabled built on the legacies left by her predecessors. She highlighted some of her achievements to include construction of new courts in Kontagora, Sabon Daga and Gbara, remodeling of Magistrate Court to a befitting High Court in Kontagora, renovation and maintenance works, appointment of High Court Judges, Khadis and Shari’a Judges as well as clearing backlogs of promotion of staff from 2016 to 2021 among others. However, she admitted that the judiciary is not without some challenges that include lack of adequate funds; medical and vacation allowances for Judges; total renovation and fencing of some courts; and shortage of office accommodation at the Judicial Service Commission. Also, in her remarks, the Acting CJ of the State, Justice Halima Ibrahim Abdulmalik acknowledged that the former CJ Justice Bwari had paid her dues through diligent and loyal service to the state for more than four decades and deserves to rest. Similarly, the Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General of the State, Nasara Dan-Mallam, representative of Senior Advocates of Nigeria Ibrahim Isyaku, Chairman of Nigerian Bar Association Minna Branch, Mohammed Abubakar El-saru and Chairman Magistrate Association of Nigeria, Hauwa’u Baba Yusuf, in their separate remarks, eulogized the former CJ for her meritorious service to the state. The immediate past CJ Justice Lami Bawa Bwari was the 8th Chief Judge of the State and was born on February 27, 1957.