Long queues at filling stations in Kaduna on Saturday resurfaced after the perceived increase in petrol supply suffered a lapse. There had been an epileptic supply of petrol from Monday through Thursday to most filling stations across the state but from Friday, there seemed to be no supply at all. Most filling stations that sold fuel from Monday to Thursday were forced to lock up their filling stations due to non-supply of fuel. However, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has informed the public that it has begun the supply of fuel to easy transportation for travellers, and business owners. The manager of the Oando filling station located along Kachia Road, Kaduna, Mr Daniel Madaki, said they were only supplied petrol once. “It took a long time for us to get fuel from them. As they supplied the first tank of fuel on Monday, we expected them to repeat same on Wednesday, but till this moment, we have not heard from them,” he said. Some car owners said they spent five to six hours waiting for fuel, but, all their efforts were in vain, as most of them parked their cars and left. “I have been in EdiJane filling station for seven hours, the manager told us that they are expecting fuel, but till now, we have not seen anything,” one of them told this medium. According to him, some impatient car owners resorted to buying from black marketers at exorbitant prices. Although some commuters pleaded with the Federal Government to ease the cost of transportation, they vowed that it’s better for them to stay at home, than to spend their life savings on transportation. Madam Rhoda Adamu said it was a thing of joy from Monday through Wednesday as the cost of transportation had reduced, but she was surprised to see long queues resurface. She appealed to the government to urgently do something about fuel scarcity to reduce the suffering of the masses. “We are suffering in this country. We are faced with exorbitant costs of foodstuff, insecurity, unemployment, poor environment, and now, we can’t move because there is no fuel. Even if you are to move, be ready to pay above normal transport fare,” she lamented.