The Governor of Osun State, Gboyega Oyetola has said the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) cannot threaten his second term ambition. The governor who stated this on Friday in Abuja after submitting his form at the national secretariat of the All Progressives Congress (APC) said his achievements of the past three years is there for everyone to see. Oyetola claimed the ruling APC remained the party to beat in the forthcoming election in the state His words, “Well I can talk about my party the APC, it remains the party to beat anytime, any day. I don’t see them having any extraordinary chance of doing what we are doing. The work and infrastructure that we have done are there for everyone to see. We have also received so many ratings from the people who are to decide in terms of what we have been able to do.” The governor stressed that his background in the private sector prepared him very well for the job, saying rather than lamenting the paucity of funds, he had to be creative in delivering the dividends of democracy to the people. He added: “First of all, let’s give credit to the almighty God. Given my background in the private sector, I was well prepared for this job. Running a government is like running an enterprise, the only difference is that one is for profit-making while the other is for service. If you get your variables right it will look so easy. That is why I can’t be lamenting about the paucity of funds. I only have to look for creative ways of delivering on the mandate given to me by the people.” Governor Oyetola explained that his government set up a micro-credit agency that disburses loans to SMEs, as part of his determination to serve the people, He informed that his government has been paying the salaries and pensions of workers on a monthly basis since the inception of his administration. “We have actually supported our people in the areas of agriculture and health schemes for the less privileged and vulnerable. Taking care of the vulnerable using the social register.” The governor noted that his government has revitalized 320 primary health care centres across the state, stressing that the intention was to ensure that the people have access to health care by having at least a health care centre per ward. Oyetola said all the general hospitals in the state have been fixed, while health insurance schemes to take care of the vulnerable have been set up to ensure no one in the state is denied access to quality health services because he or she does not have money.