The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Police Command has arrested a 33-year-old man, Joseph Mbounu Ifeanyi, for allegedly killing one Evelyn Omape Alifia Yakubu, in the Lugbe area of Abuja. A statement issued by the Public Relations Officer of the Command, Josephine Adeh, stated that the arrest followed a complaint registered at the Trademore Division Police Headquarters, by the deceased’s relative. According to the statement, investigative assets of the command attached to the division immediately commenced an action to unravel the cause of the incident. “Upon visitation, the victim was found dead in her residence on February 21, 2022. All effort to take the corpse to the Morgue for the necessary actions proved abortive as the family of the deceased insisted on immediately burying the corps due to the state of the body at discovery point”, the statement added. She stated that preliminary investigations conducted on the incident, have revealed that the suspect, an Electrical Technician, was last seen with the deceased in her residence. It was gathered that before the victim was discovered dead, the suspect, Joseph had called family members of the deceased to inform them of her demise and had since been out of reach until he was arrested on Saturday. According to the PPRO, the case has been “absorbed by the State Criminal Investigations Department (SCID), where the investigation is being intensified and further discoveries would be made public. “The Commissioner of Police, FCT Police Command, CP Babaji Sunday, psc, while registering his condolence with the family and friends of deceased, has called for calm. He assured that no stone would be left unturned in unravelling the cause of death of Evelyn and ensuring that justice is served”. The police also denied allegations that the command had demanded the sum of three hundred thousand Naira (N300,000.00) from the family of the deceased before proceeding on investigation. Josephine Adeh, said the report was untrue and unfounded urging the members of the public to disregard it.