Nurudeen Musa Abdullahi, a Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) contractor, has been convicted of fraud. Justice P. H. Mallong of the Federal High Court in Kaduna State, sentenced him for conspiracy and obtaining money by false pretence. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arraigned the consultant and software engineering. Abdullahi was charged to court after three oil and gas companies in Kaduna petitioned the commission. The firms said in 2018, they received letters from the NNPC demanding settlement of outstanding balance of products lifted from the Kaduna Depot between 2008 and 2018. In the course of inquiries, the complainants discovered that their companies were impersonated to defraud the NNPC. EFCC said Abdullahi had been engaged by the corporation to develop and manage its billing software payment system regarding lifting of petroleum products. One of the counts states that Abdullahi, between 2011 and 2014 in Kaduna, illegally retained N113,490.000 in First Bank account no. 2002932756. The offence violated Section 17 (a) and (b) of the Money Laundering Prohibition Act 2011 ( as amended in 2012)”. Prosecution counsel, M. Lawal urged the court to convict Abdullahi after he pled guilty to the charges. Justice Mallong convicted and sentenced him, with a fine of N1million. He forfeits a property at Hassan Usman Crescent, Hayin Banki, Kaduna, comprising one unit of two storey building; one unit of storey building with six rooms, parlour, dining, theatre, library and office. One unit of three bedroom guest chalet; one unit of six bedroom boys quarters; one unit of one bedroom security house, a mosque and generator house. Others are one aluminium melting furnace, one hydraulic cutting Machine, one manual cutting machine, one roller, one Ercole 360 cutting machine, two metal milling machine, two drilling machine, one Mitchel of Keighley milling machine. One Affilatrate Grinder 500S-400S machine, one Elliot Progress punching machine, one Milford 12 sharpening machine and general purpose machine tools. The equipment are all within No.3 Sunny Best Road, off Nnamdi Azikiwe Expressway, Kirmington Mashi in Kaduna.