Exactly four years ago, Leah Sharibu, the Dapchi schoolgirl was abducted by members of the Islamic State’s West Africa Province, ISWAP, insurgents in Yobe State. DAILY POST reports that Leah, who was abducted from the Government Girls Science and Technical College, Dapchi, alongside 110 others has been in captivity despite security agents’ efforts to rescue her. While other students were rescued and reunited with their families, Leah Sharibu has remained in the custody of the terrorists. ISWAP reportedly kept the young school girl because she refused to comply with their demands and convert to the Islamic religion. Reports emerged in March 2021 that the “heroine Christian” teenager gave birth to her second child in captivity for one of the terrorists. Nigerians had expected to see Leah Sharibu among the insurgents who recently surrendered to the Nigerian troops following offensives against the terrorists, but hope has always been dashed. Recall that Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State had on February 10, claimed that over 30,000 Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists have so far surrendered following the efforts of the Nigerian military. It is observed that since the campaign, “Bring Back Our Girls” diminished, the Federal Government has appeared reluctant in making efforts to rescue the schoolgirl. Nigerian prophets who are known for their constant prophecies have also kept mum. They have been unable to tell the world the state of the “heroine Christian” who reportedly declined to renounce the religion to regain her freedom. An Abuja-based evangelist, Mokura Anthony who spoke with our correspondent, prayed that God will shield the schoolgirl from all evils in the camp of the terrorists. He said, “Some of us have not forgotten that innocent girl. I always remember her in my prayers and I am sure nothing bad will happen to her. The Angel of the Lord is able to save those who trust in him. “It is my belief that the schoolgirl will one day come out of the captivity and we all will be shocked at her testimonies because I know that God is doing great things in wherever she is and that is why they can’t hurt her”. Also, a socio-political activist, Reno Omokri, in a post on his official Facebook page to mark the fourth year remembrance of Leah’s abduction, urged Nigerians to pray for her return from captivity. The post reads, “Today, Saturday, February 19, 2022, is the actual fourth anniversary of the abduction of Leah Sharibu from Government Girls Science and Technical College, Dapchi, Yobe, Nigeria. Please show Leah’s abductors that you want her back”.