Governor of Bayelsa State, Senator Douye Diri, has thrown his weight behind the call for the passage of the Bill for the establishment of the NYSC Trust Fund. He declared that the bill will address the issues of dilapidated Orientation Camp facilities, access to funds by both serving and ex-corps members for businesses after skill acquisition training and the general operations of the scheme. Diri used the medium to call on members of the National Assembly from Bayelsa State to support the passage of the Bill when presented on the floors of both Senate and House of Representatives. The governor, who made this known at the 2021 Batch A, stream 1 Passing Out Ceremony held in Yenagoa, said the National Youth Service Corps remains the shining light of the nation and represents collective hope for a united, peaceful and egalitarian society. Diri, who was represented by the Secretary to the State Government /Chairman, NYSC State Governing Board, Rt. Hon. Konbowei Benson, commended the management of the NYSC for initiating the move for the establishment of the NYSC Trust Fund. According to him, “I commend the management of the NYSC for the unprecedented initiative to establish the NYSC Trust Fund. This will of course enable the scheme to among others, address the issue of dilapidated Orientation Camp facilities, access of funds by both serving and ex-corps members to start up their own businesses after skill acquisition trainings and that will definitely enhance the general operations of the scheme”. “I call on members of the National Assembly representing Bayelsa State to strongly support the passage of the bill into law. As the governor of Bayelsa State, l stand here to declare my support for the establishment of the NYSC Trust Fund,” Governor Diri said. Earlier in her welcome remarks, the State Coordinator, Mrs Ojugo Elizabeth Iyowuna, thanked the governor, government and good people of Bayelsa state for their various support which ensured successful 2021 Batch A, Stream 1 service year. She commended Governor Diri for facilitating the movement of orientation activities to the Permanent Orientation Camp, provision of Corps Lodge at Agudama and approval of Transport Back Home Allowance to the corps members qualified to pass out of national service in the state.