Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State was among the dignitaries who celebrated an erudite jurist, Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) and former Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice of the State, Dr Michael Ajogwu, at a colloquium and book presentation to commemorate his 80th birthday and over 50 years of Law practice. The book, “Footprints in the Path of Law: Essays in Honour of Dr Michael Ajogwu, SAN”, is a compilation of outstanding articles and essays on various issues and developments in the legal profession with a particular focus on Nigeria. It was edited by the first son of the celebrant, Prof. Fabian Ajogwu, SAN. Presenting his goodwill message at the event, titled: “Plaudits for an Achiever @ 80: Dr Michael Ajogwu, SAN”, Gov. Ugwuanyi conveyed the warmest felicitations of the government and good people of Enugu State to Dr Ajogwu “on this joyous occasion of your 80th Birthday celebration”. The governor said he was at the event “to honour and celebrate an achiever par excellence, a patriotic Nigerian and illustrious son of Enugu State who is widely acknowledged for his sophisticated legal education, diverse experience, character, competence and consistency”. Gov. Ugwuanyi also described the celebrant as a dispassionate jurist of superlative erudition, Notary Public and Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), who left unblemished records after serving as Director of Public Prosecutions in the Federal Ministry of Justice; Legal Adviser to the Federal Government of Nigeria on Customs, Excise Duties and Revenue Matters for the Northern States of Nigeria; Member of the defunct Constituent Assembly; Honourable Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Enugu State; and Member, Governing Council of ESUT”. He added that “Dr Ajogwu, SAN, is currently the Chairman, Enugu State Independent Electoral Commission (ENSIEC), a Commission that has delivered three (3) consecutive, credible, free, fair and transparent Local Government elections with acceptable outcomes in Enugu State, under his watch”. Gov. Ugwuanyi expressed delight that Dr Ajogwu at 80 stands strong, “strong enough to discharge critical duties which even the younger generation dread to discharge”. According to the Governor, “He is an accomplished family man and father to many successful children including one of the toasts of the legal constituency, Professor Fabian Ajogwu, SAN. “Dr Ajogwu, SAN, as we celebrate your 80th Birthday today, we join you, family, colleagues, friends, well-wishers and indeed all people of goodwill in thanksgiving to the God of Abraham, God of Isaac, God of Jacob and awesome God of David for His numerous blessings. “I pray that God continues to show you Mercy and fill your heart and household with His Peace, Happiness and Love. Finally, I pray that you age gracefully and enjoy many happy returns in Jesus Name. Amen”. Also speaking, Senator Chukwuka Utazi of Enugu North Senatorial District, who is from the same council area with Dr Ajogwu, Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area, described the celebrant as “our mentor, an accomplished achiever, a trailblazer, and an inspiration”. Senator Utazi, who recounted Dr Ajogwu’s journey to greatness, especially in the legal profession said: “We are very happy today that at 80, Dr M.E. Ajogwu is standing tall, very strong, contributing to the goodness of this Enugu State in general and Uzo-Uwani LGA, where he comes from, in particular. “He just finished conducting the Local Government elections. He just finished organizing successful Local Government elections and we are proud of him. You are everything that we desire. We want to celebrate you today and we say Daddy, we continue wishing you well”. On his part, Hon. Justice Centus Chima Nweze of the Supreme Court of Nigeria, listed the remarkable accomplishments of Dr Ajogwu saying: “In your own time, your 14 children are all University graduates in various areas; indeed your first child and first son (Prof. Fabian Ajogwu) in your own life time is a Senior Advocate of Nigeria and a Professor of Law. What else should God do for you?. “In your own lifetime, your adopted child, Hon. Justice Raymond Ozoemena is the Chief Judge of Enugu State. In your lifetime, your one time boy, C.C Nweze is the Justice of the Supreme Court. In your lifetime, your one time boy, Miletus Ezugworie Eze is the Attorney General of Enugu State. In your lifetime, your wife is a Judge of Enugu State. My brother, what should I say again? The good Lord has blessed you. “Dr Ajogwu, you will live for 100 years at least. Looking at you, you are a very strong man. We pray the good Lord will grant you longevity. Congratulations Sir”. In his opening remark, Prof. Fabian Ajogwu, welcomed Gov. Ugwuanyi, his Deputy, Hon. Mrs. Cecilia Ezeilo, Senator Utazi, Hon. Justice Nweze, the Chief Judge of Enugu State, Hon. Justice Raymond Ozoemena, and other guests to the event, which he revealed was organized to celebrate his father, Dr Ajogwu for his worthy accomplishments in the legal profession as he clocks 80 years. Prof. Ajogwu seized the opportunity to congratulate Gov. Ugwuanyi and the Chairman of ENSIEC, Dr Ajogwu “for a beautiful display of democracy over the recently held Local Government elections barely two days ago”, stressing that “transparent election begets peace and that is what we have witnessed in the past few days”. Responding, Ajogwu thanked Gov. Ugwuanyi and other guests for making out time to honour him and asked God to reward them abundantly. Dignitaries at the event also include the Chief Judge of Akwa Ibom State, Hon. Justice Fabian Obot, ably represented by Hon. Justice Achibog E. Achibog; the representative of the President, National Industrial Court, Hon. Justice O.O. Arowosegbe; the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Enugu State, Chief Miletus Eze; Hon. Judges of Enugu State Judiciary; the Chairman of Uzo-Uwani LGA, Hon. Chukwudi Nnadozie; Mr. Anthony Ani, SAN; Prof. Akinseye George, SAN; and members of ENSIEC Board, among others.