The Coalition of Concerned Northern Forum (CCNF), has called on the NNPC’s Group Managing Director, Mallam Mele Kolo Kyari and Engr. Farouk Ahmed, the Chief Executive Officer of Nigeria Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (MDPRA) to tender their resignation within 72 hours over the persistent fuel scarcity in the country. The group also demanded that the NNPC management should make public genuine and comprehensive names of those involved in the current scarcity of petroleum products all over the country. A statement jointly issued by the group’s chairman and the spokesman, Mallam Ibrahim Bature and Comrade Abdulsalam Moh’d Kazeem, respectively, noted that, “if our demands are not met in the next three (3) working days, we shall occupy all NNPC zonal offices and its subsidiaries across our region and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT).” The statement explained that it was not just a mere threat, adding that its members would follow up with full action after the expiration of their ultimatum and will serve as litmus test on the part of government on their fight against corruption and indiscipline. According to the statement, “The mistake made by NNPC under the current management has caused us a lot as a nation; for instance, they claimed it will cost our nation over N200 billion to mop up and sanitize the adulterated fuel and at the same time, we don’t have enough facilities, so they will have to evacuate the bad products first before we can have access to the new products. “As at today, the said products have already damaged many automobiles, generators, machines and other sundry equipment of citizenry nationwide.” It lamented that the NNPC tried severally to cover up the importation of the fake fuel and what it called “their gross incompetency”, saying that they all witnessed how those they alleged to have imported the product with high Methanol qualities above their required standards came up with superior point and position to vindicate their companies and maintained that they knew nothing about it The statement explained that NNPC should bury their head in shame and stop chasing shadows and be patriotic in their dealings with Nigerians. It noted that NNPC’s quality inspection unit which comprises of GMO, SGS, Geochem and G&G did not conduct any test before the said products were discharged. The statement explained that with the importation of the fake fuel, the NNPC had dragged the country backward due to what it called “its deliberate errors”.