The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) says its victory in Abuja Municipal, Bwari and Kuje Area Councils in the last Saturday, Federal Capital Territory Council elections was a clear demonstration of the determination by Nigerians to return its party to power in 2023. PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, on Tuesday described the three area councils as melting pots of Nigerians from all sections across the nation irrespective of political, ethnic, cultural, religious, class, professional or age affiliations. “The crushing rejection of the incompetent, corrupt and vicious APC in the three area councils, therefore, represents the collective will, feeling and aspiration of the generality of Nigerians in the national consensus to do away with the APC and return the PDP to power at the centre in 2023,” it added. According to the party, “in electing the PDP to superintend over the Abuja Municipal Area Council, which is at the core of the FCT, Nigerians have firmly established their resolve to completely oust the APC from governance by 2023 to enable them to have a new lease of life.” The opposition party added that “Nigerians are however aware of the manipulation of the APC to rig and muscle votes in the three other councils namely; Gwagwalada, Abaji and Kwali Area Councils where the will of the people was trampled upon. “Official figures show that the PDP won more councillorship seats, leading the APC with cumulative 44 councillorship seats as against APC’s 18 seats. In Gwagwalada and Kwali Area Councils respectively, the PDP led with 6 councillorship seats against APC’s 4 seats while the two parties won 5 seats apiece in Kwali Area Council,” it stated. The PDP claimed that the councillorship seat results validate evidence of manipulation in favour of the APC in the chairmanship elections in Gwagwalada, Kwali and Abaji Area Councils. The party said it is studying the results for appropriate action in that regard. PDP applauded Nigerians’ support as represented in the FCT Area Council election results and for their resilience in the fight to liberate the country from misrule, urging them to continue to work together on its platform in the resolve to rescue and rebuild the nation from the stranglehold of the APC.