The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Sen. Dr Iyorchia Ayu, has assured former military president, General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida, that the party is repositioned and poised to take over the leadership of Nigeria in 2023. He said the party is working very hard to dislodge the ruling APC and bring the much-desired good governance, unity and development that have eluded the nation under the party Hon. Debo Ologunagba, National Publicity Secretary, made this known in a statement on Thursday. He quoted Ayu to have said spoken when he led other party executives to pay Babangida a visit in Minna, the Niger State capital. The PDP leaders informed Babangida that they were on the visit to tap from his extensive experience and wisdom, particularly at this time when “the nation is confronted with worsening insecurity, divisiveness and excruciating economic hardship occasioned by the misrule of the reckless, rudderless, incompetent and corrupt APC.” The party implored him not to relent in ensuring the unity and development of the country which he and other patriotic Nigerians fought so hard to sustain. Responding, Babangida described the PDP as the “guardrail of democracy” adding that it is time to make the “appropriate turn to salvage our dear country at the crossroads. General Babangida said that there is no choice before Nigerians but a concerted effort to salvage the nation from its present situation. “As the guardrail of democracy, you need to be guided by the history of the country; our past, our present conditions and an appropriate vision of a future for the millions of young people on our streets and the younger generations to follow,” he said. The former military leader further noted that what the nation needs at the moment is the leadership of “genuine democrats, those who truly connect the government and the governed and banish sycophancy, handle national security with more seriousness in all its ramifications, properly earn and retain legitimacy, and above all, bring citizens back from woes and wailing and Nigeria, to the path of nationhood and development. “For the sake of our founding fathers and unborn generations of Nigerians, we have no choice but to make the appropriate turn to salvage our dear country at the crossroads,” he said.