Nigerian youths have called on political leaders to ensure that the next president of the country is below the age of 60. They also suggested that the next president must be someone who is prepared to show how far he has factored young people into his leadership vision. The youths, under the aegis of the Nigerian Youths Union (NYU), warned that 2023 would witness the influx of young energy into active politics as was seen during the End SARS protest. In a statement by its National President, Chinonso Obasi, at the union’s congress in Abuja, the NYU vowed to demand from aspiring leaders, their plans to end insecurity, hunger, lack of educational and health facilities in the country. The union while demanding the active inclusion and participation of youths in governance, said the current ‘government of gerontocrats have failed to reflect sustainable economic plans in its policies, leading to huge borrowing”. ‘‘Having been excluded from governance, Nigerian youths have put their creative energies in music, entertainment, sports, IT while others have taken to crime, internet fraud, armed banditry, prostitution and various anti-social practices to solve their economic problems.” Obasi insisted that the NYU which comprises Nigerian youths and students between 18 and 35 from the 774 local government areas across the country have thrust upon itself the responsibility of ensuring youth inclusion in governance as the 2023 general election draw near. ‘‘The 2023 general election is a golden opportunity for Nigerian youths to take a stand and reclaim the country to engender inclusive and purposeful governance. ‘‘We shall in the next few weeks begin an aggressive voter registration campaign. ”The same way Nigerian youths waved the national flag as a symbol of resistance during the End SARS protest, every of our members will arm him/herself with a Permanent Voter Card. ‘‘This march for Freedom From Political Oppression (FFPO) campaign would get down to all the 774 LGAs of the country. ‘‘We shall demand interface with aspiring leaders and subject them to debates and discussions aimed at bringing out the best and de-marketing the old.