Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Minister of State for the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Hajiya Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, was booed during the presentation of certificates to elected area councils chairmen on Friday. The Resident Electoral Commissioner in the nation’s capital, Yahaya Bello, presented the certificates at a ceremony attended by top politicians. 2. Nigeria’s 2008 Olympics long jump silver medalist Blessing Okagbare has been banned for 10 years for doping, the Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU) announced on Friday. The 33-year-old, who is also a sprinter, was expelled from the Tokyo Olympics last year before the women’s 100m semi-finals after testing positive for human growth hormone at an out-of-competition test in Slovakia on July 19. 3. Some aggrieved members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Daura Local Government Area of Katsina State have protested against the alleged imposition of candidates by some top politicians for the seat of the council chairman. Daura is the hometown of President Muhammadu Buhari. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari is in a tight corner over whom to endorse as the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), eight days to the national convention of the ruling party. The delay by the president to give direction to governors, the national caretaker committee of the party, aspirants and other stakeholders have raised tension in the ruling party. 5. An uneasy calm has settled over Osun State as the All Progressives Congress holds its governorship primary on Saturday (today). The tension is the result of a fierce battle for the sole ticket of the party between the Governor of Osun State, Gboyega Oyetola and a former Secretary to the State Government, Moshood Adeoti. 6. The Minister of Power, Mr Abubakar Aliyu, says the Federal Government is willing to partner with investors in the power sector to improve the power supply in the country. Mr Mathew Osumanyi Dan’asabe, Information Officer, Ministry of Power, said this in a statement. 7. The two factions of ASUU in the Ebonyi State University, Abakaliki, have issued conflicting directives to their members over the union’s current nationwide warning strike. While the Dr Godfrey Nwambeke-led Caretaker Committee declared that it would not join the strike, the faction led by Dr Ikechukwu Igwenyi, as Acting Chairman, said it would. 8. The management of a Lagos hotel has raised the alarm over the activities of scammers who target customers by deceiving them into paying money into a private bank account belonging to the scammers instead of the hotel’s approved bank account for bookings. 9. Five persons, including a father and his son, have reportedly been killed by armed herdsmen in an attack on Tse Udeghe community, Mbakpa Council Ward and Ahumen community in Gwer West Local Government Area of Benue State. 10. Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, AYCF, has issued a strong warning to the All Progressives Congress, APC, People’s Democratic Party, PDP, and other political parties across Nigeria on electing youths into political offices or risk losing votes from the northern part of the country.