Lawmakers from the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the South-South region have endorsed the presidential aspiration of Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi State in 2023. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the lawmakers converged on Calabar, the Cross River State capital, on Monday to seek support for Bello under the “GYB 2 PYB Legislative Team 2023”. Speaking, Mr Matthew Kolawole, Speaker of Kogi House of Assembly and National Coordinator of the Legislative Team, said it was time for a generational shift in governance Kolawole said that the lawmakers were ready to reshape and direct the political path of the country, hence, the need to support a young person for presidency in 2023. According to him, the aspiration of Bello cannot be achieved without the support of the lawmakers because they play a critical role in governance. “We’re ready to be part of the generational shift that will create a political path in the governance of the country. We believe that we have the capacity to reach the people at the grassroots. “Governnor Bello is eminently qualified to contest for the position of President in 2023. He is bold, courageous, and has the interest of the country at heart. “I hereby solicit the support of all APC stakeholders in the South-South and the entire Nigerian populace for Gov. Bello,” he said. Speaker of Cross River House of Assembly, Mr Eteng Jonas-Williams, said that Nigeria was in dire need of a young and resourceful president come 2023. Jonas-Williams, represented by Dr Davis Etta, a member of the Cross River House of Assembly representing Abi State constituency, said that the youths deserve an inclusion in governance in 2023. According to him, the duty of moving the country forward rests on the shoulders of youths, hence the need to support Bello. In his remarks, the State Coordinator of the Legislative Team, Mr Hilary Bisong, who represents Boki II State Constituency in the Cross River House of Assembly, said that Bello’s aspiration was a youthful one. Bisong, who said that across the globe, young people were being elected and appointed into leadership positions, commended Bello for aspiring to contest in the presidential poll. Deputy Speaker of Cross River House of Assembly, Mr Joseph Bassey, said that Bello has done well in the area of security in Kogi, hence, he needs all the support for the presidency in 2023.