Five former gubernatorial aspirants of the defunct All Nigeria People’s Party, ANPP, in Kano have cautioned the National Caretaker Committee of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, against neglecting Kano’s internal party crises. The former aspirants, Yusuf Ado Kibiya, Kabiru Kamakasa, Hamisu Lamido Iyantama, and Professor Mukthar A. Yusuf, said during a press conference in Kano, that APC crises would only lead the party to lose the state to the opposition. They emphasized their calls on the national secretariat of the party to address the Kano APC crises securely and democratically by drawing factions away from conflicting perceptions and actions. Director-General of the Group, Yusuf Ado Kibiya, who was also a former commissioner in the cabinet of Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, said they formed the APC Maslaha group not as a new faction within the party but to champion the true and just reconciliation of warring factions. He said APC Maslaha Group was constituted by five eminent APC elders in Kano State to address the incessant problem of intraparty conflicts as well as create a platform where peace, stability and harmonious relationship among party members would be cordially maintained. “You may wish to recall that wherever intra-party conflict exists, the end result is often the failure to achieve success during election. “Therefore, APC Maslaha seeks the support of all and sundry within Kano APC to sheath their swords to allow peace to prevail for the interest of democracy and successful election results in 2023,” he said. He emphasized that APC Maslaha wished to ensure that the Democratic process at all levels is adhered to support fielding credible candidates into political offices. He maintained that conflict between the Government side led by Kano State Governor Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje and the other faction led by Senator Ibrahim Shekarau was a result of domination, competing values interest and ambition. Kibiya further maintained that looking at the teeming APC supporters in Kano, the conflict can be unnecessary, ill-timed and unwarranted noting that at the end of the day it is the grass that suffers. According to him disunity and disharmony, projecting an embarrassing posture about Kano State, defection to other political parties, increase chances for the opposition party to win the forthcoming election among others might be among the negative consequences of the crises. “In political crises, there has to be negotiation and mediation to turn weakness or negative into advantages or positive by making proper reconciliation,” he said. He stated that the main concern of APC Maslaha is the peaceful resolution of the ugly and unwarranted conflict among its members. He stressed that the collective interest of party members and above all the teeming supporters of the APC in Kano State is more important than the interest of the collective few. “It is our view that the conflicting factions must respect each other’s values, interests and ambitions. “Each side should be given a fair hearing and opportunity to Communicate to each other, “The National Secretariat should try to find an amicable solution to the conflict in Kano APC because it will definitely affect the entire election process in the nation” Yusuf Ado Kibiya added.