The Nigeria Ethnic Nationalities Youth Leaders Council has bemoaned the level of insecurity in Nigeria. The group made the observation in a communique issued after its meeting in Abuja, signed by Aare Barr Oladotun Hassan, the Secretary-General of the Council. They equally condemned “the pervasive corruption in Nigeria, noting that “we are concerned over the level of corruption in governance in Nigeria. This has to a large extent impeded development in the country, with resulting infrastructural decay across the country. “The humongous annual budget of the country has not in any way translated to development. There are no commensurate development indices viz a viz the trillions of naira released every year as capital expenditure. The reason for this gap is not far fetched- it is buried in the graveyard of corruption.” The youth leaders, while reiterating their “uncompromising position on the need for a united Nigeria, cautioned against inflammatory statements ahead of the 2023 General election. “Politicians should put the interest of the country above self; they should see themselves as vehicles for national cohesion and not as agents of disunity. This is why we note with serious concern some unguarded utterances by political actors across the country, especially with regards to the 2023 general elections.” They urged the Federal Government to be more proactive in dealing with the growing spate of insecurity, stressing that “we cannot continue to witness such mindless killing of Nigerians in their numbers on a daily basis. “The main essence and purpose of government is the protection of lives and properties but this appears to have been defeated in Nigeria. “Our stand is that the Federal Government needs to be more proactive in dealing with the growing spate of insecurity in the country as we cannot continue to witness such mindless killing of Nigerians. “On a daily basis, Nigerians are being mowed down and roasted like chickens for no fault of theirs, except the fact that they are Nigerians. We say today that enough is enough and urge the security agencies to sit up. “We have heard so many words without action from the government, we have had enough rehearsed condolence messages from the government, what we demand now is an end to the massacre of Nigerians under whatever guise.” On the 2023 general elections, the youth group called on the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to give all interested parties equal opportunities in the 2023 general elections to ensure the emergence of credible leaders. “The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has a big role to play. It must give all interested parties equal opportunities in the 2023 general elections to ensure the emergence of credible leaders,” they stated. At the meeting, an election was conducted for the various national executive positions of the Council. Those that were elected include: President General – Comrade Terry Obirh, Vice President – Alhaji Balarabe Rufai, Secretary General – Aare Barr Oladotun Hassan, Publicity Secretary – Comrade Emmanuel Zopmal, Organizing Secretary – Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, Treasurer – Alhaji Hamisu Muhammed Dass, Director of Protocol – Dcn Peter Igbifa, Deputy Secretary General – Dogo Shagari, Deputy Publicity Secretary – Com. Dighi.