The All Progressives Congress (APC) has alleged that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is depressed about Nigeria’s economic growth as indicated by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS). The NBS had in its 4th-Quarter Gross Domestic Product (GDP) report recently released said Nigeria’s economy grew by 3.4% in 2021. The party said it was the strongest since 2014 and showed sustained positive growth for the 5th quarter since the recession witnessed in 2020. But the main opposition party described the report by NBS as fake. The National Secretary of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Senator John Akpanudoedehe in a statement issued Friday said the country’s economy grew faster than forecasted by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and government last year after an expansion in the agriculture and trade industries in the fourth quarter showed a sharp drop in oil production. He said the government’s non-oil sector economic diversification drive, agriculture; trade; information and communications technology; and financial and insurance institutions, accounted for positive GDP growth, as reported by the NBS. Akpanudoedehe said: “The question begging for answers is the reason behind the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) pessimism and gloom over the NBS Report. Against the backdrop of the opposition party’s doomsday wishes for the country, and apparently deflated PDP says the NBS report is fake.” “Our economic growth is not mere happenstance, but as a result of deliberate programmes and policies of the President Muhammadu Buhari government to reflate, diversify and grow the economy from its former shoddy state.” The Secretary said it was clear that the PDP was still stuck on the voodoo economics it used to hide stealing and the shocking mismanagement of the economy under its watch until Nigerians voted it out in favour of the APC government to restore sanity in the economy and other sectors of our national life. The ruling party urged the PDP not to be the enemy within as it laboriously tries to in the guise of opposition politics. It added: “Besides, the fact that PDP governments are solely responsible for Nigeria’s economic mess which the APC government is repairing leaves the PDP least qualified to cast aspersions on the economic growth being recorded.”