The Osun State Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has secured the forfeiture of three tankers laden with adulterated diesel. Making this known in Osogbo on Monday, the Osun Commandant of the NSCDC, Emmanuel Ocheja, via a statement signed by the Command Public Relations Officer, Atanda Olabisi, stated that the order of forfeiture for the three tankers with registration numbers; XT 985 MUS (LAGOS), FST 460 XA (LAGOS) and FST 709 XB (LAGOS); was secured at the Federal High Court, Osogbo. Olabisi stated that the ruling was delivered by Justice Ayo Emmanuel of the Federal High Court, Osogbo Judicial Division, on Wednesday, February 9, 2022.  She revealed that the forfeiture of the tankers, which are exhibits in the instant case, is presently in the custody of the corps. According to her, the Federal Republic of Nigeria has ordered the auctioning of the aforesaid tankers by a licensed auctioneer to the members of the public while the proceeds, after the deduction of the expenses incurred, be paid into the Federal Government Treasury. “Hon. Justice N Ayo-Emmanuel also ordered the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Osun State Command to discharge and destroy the adulterated Automotive Gas Oil (Diesel) contained in the compartments of the aforesaid forfeited tankers in the way and the manner it deemed fit in the circumstances,” she said. She disclosed that the forfeited tankers have been in the custody of the NSCDC, Osun State Command, as exhibits since November 10, 2013, when the respondents were arrested. The Defendant/Respondents, she explained, were investigated and promptly arraigned in court under Section 1(17) and (18) (i) of the Miscellaneous Offences Act wherein they were granted bail and subsequently jumped bail. Olabisi also revealed that the Osun NSCDC Commandant had assured that no matter the antics employed by persons bent on frustrating the policies of the government, the arms of the law would get them and justice will be served.