Alleged kidnap kingpin, Chukwudimeme Onwuamadike, alias Evans, has claimed that he saw hell in the hands of suspended Head of the Intelligence Response Team, DCP Abba Kyari. Evans said this at an Ikeja Special Offences Court, while denying kidnapping a businessman, Sylvanus Ahamonu, and collecting a 420,000 dollar ransom from his family. NAN reports that Evans is standing trial alongside an ex-soldier, Victor Aduba, on a four-count charge of kidnapping and unlawful possession of firearms. He made the denial on Friday while under cross-examination by the state prosecutor, Mr. Yusuf Sule. Evans told the court that he was born on April 22, 1980, and hailed from Nnewi, Anambra State. He vehemently denied knowing Ahamonu prior to his arrest. When Sule noted that Ahamonu had identified him when he testified virtually (via the Zoom app) in court, Evans said he was easily identifiable. “Ahamonu and Idowu Haruna (the Investigating Police Officer) could have conspired with the police. “My pictures are everywhere, all over the world. “I had a haulage and logistics business with over 30 staff and drivers in Amuwo-Odofin,” he said. The alleged kidnap kingpin said he had made no mention of his haulage and logistics business in his statement because it was written by the police. Responding to questions, Evans said he also did not provide medical documents proving his alleged torture by the police to the court. He, however, noted that while he was incarcerated, he had filed a fundamental human rights suit against the police at the Federal High Court, Lagos, over the alleged torture. Explaining why he was seen in a jovial mood in the confessional video played in the court when the prosecution presented its case, Evans said he was forced to act that manner by the police. “The police told me to laugh and smile in the video. You do not know what I encountered in the hands of Abba Kyari and his boys. I saw hell. “It was what they told me to be doing that I was doing,” Evans said. Evans: Defence, five co-defendants close case