Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, on Wednesday, said the woeful performance of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Plateau State and at the national level, has made it easier for the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), to reclaim power come 2023. He equally decried that the country is bleeding and Plateau State is not an exception, saying the current myriad of challenges ranging from insecurity, poverty, hardship, among others do not know religion or geopolitical zone. Wike disclosed this while speaking with journalists outside a Jos High Court, where he came to solidarise with former governor of the state, Senator Jonah Jang, who is under trial for alleged fraud. DAILY POST recalls that Jang is standing trial alongside Yusuf Pam, an ex-cashier in the office of the Secretary to the Government of the State, on alleged N6.3bn fraud charges brought before the court by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). DAILY POST also recalls that EFCC had in the first instance arraigned the duo before Justice Daniel Longji on 17 counts bordering on criminal breach of trust and misappropriation of public funds in March 2018. However, Justice Longji retired in December 2019, after hearing the matter 34 times, the State Chief Judge, Justice Yakubu Dakwak, reassigned the case to Justice Christy Dabup, who started hearing on the matter afresh. Wike, however, said, “What the former governor is passing through is one of those things you see after service, and my presence here is a mark of solidarity to give him courage and reassure him that we are behind him as far as this matter is concerned, and we will do all we can within the ambit of the law to give him support. “Basically, my essence of coming here today is to unite our party leaders, especially between (Sen Jang and Sen. Jeremiah Useni) and ensure unity among all members of the party in the state.” On whether the visit has anything to do with any ambition he is harbouring come 2023, Wike said, “I have not told you I’m running for any election, but what is important at the moment is the unity of our party. “You must have a party before you think of running for an election, if you don’t have a party, what is the essence of running for an election? he asked. Wike maintained that, “Plateau State is ripe for PDP to take over, because APC has performed woefully in the state. He added that, “The APC even at the national level has performed woefully, so, it is ripe for PDP to take over power come 2023, both in Plateau and at the national level; and I stand to be challenged by anybody.” The Rivers State Governor, however, said, “But we cannot achieve this target if we are not united. “So, for every individual, he or she has to keep his or her aspiration and focus on how the party will be united to salvage the country from APC.” Wike further stated that the party has the required personnel to occupy the various offices. “Our problem in PDP is not about materials, but what we are contending now is everybody must come together, make sacrifices and see how we can move forward. “Nigerians are waiting for this party, because the country is bleeding, Plateau State is not an exception from the ongoing bleeding in Nigeria. “The current situation especially the issues of insecurity, poverty and hardship has nothing to do with either your a Muslim or a Christian, or you being from the north or south, it’s everywhere,” he lamented. “So, it is not about north or south, but about Nigeria, our country, and the only hope is PDP. “Therefore, it requires the collective effort of everybody, because if we don’t work as a team, Nigerians will not be happy,” he stressed.