The Commissioner of Police, Osun State Command, Olawale Olokode has stated that the allegations levelled against him by The Osun Progressives (TOP) that he was supporting the IleriOluwa group was a deliberate attempt to malign his name and bring the command under him to disrepute. Olokode also maintained that the TOP’s allegations against him and the Osun State Police Command were an attack on his personality. While noting that they were fallacious and far from the truth, he revealed that the command would not hesitate to take legal action against all forms of lies and unfounded allegations from any corner. The Osun Progressives (TOP), a faction of the Osun All Progressives Congress (APC) had on Friday in a press conference accused the Osun Police boss of bi-partisanship and deliberate refusal to honour all invitations to the command for the provision of security cover during the activities of the group. Olokode, who spoke via a press conference on Sunday, also reiterated that the Osun State Police Command will never be an appendage of any political party or group and that no amount of inducement will change his character. Olokode revealed that all invitations extended to the command by the group have all been honoured as can be attested to by the fact that since the attack was carried out on Thursday at the Oranmiyan House Campaign office of Rauf Aregbesola, police personnel have been drafted to secure the premises. Olokode stressed that the Command had been working on every petition it received, adding that it has looked into the petitions against the Osun SUBEB board chairman, Ajibola Famurewa and allegations of dehumanisation levelled against him. The number one police officer in Osun also revealed that the police swung into action when it got information about the attack on APC members in Ikirun on Tuesday, February 1, 2022, and arrested some suspects. According to him, “Among those arrested are two members of the TOP group, one from IleriOluwa and two persons who confirmed not to be politicians at all. They were all charged to court, and at no point did my office interfere with the investigation. So, no persecution or de-humanization at any point.” While refuting the allegations of not providing security for the APC parallel state congress and masterminding the disruption and attacks at the Osun APC Secretariat in August 13, 2021, the Osun Police boss stated that the venue indicated in the letter he received from the Congress committee indicated the Osogbo township stadium. He also explained that he did not mastermind the attack on the Osun APC Secretariat on Saturday, August 13, 2021, as he left everything he was doing to personally lead operations at the said building. He added that the attack was investigated and those fingered by suspects were charged accordingly. Olokode warned that the command would not tolerate any act that would jeopardize the peace of the State, even as the political atmosphere in the State is getting tensed.