Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has expressed happiness with the victory of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the just concluded bye-election in Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency, Plateau State. Governor Ortom, who was the chairman of the PDP campaign council, while praising the perseverance and determination of the party faithful and its candidate that earned the victory, commended Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State, who was the co-chairman of the campaign council, for holding firm the party’s structures in the run-up to the election. In a statement he issued on Sunday via his Chief Press Secretary, Nat Ikyur, the Governor said: “With this victory, it is no longer in doubt where the people stand in 2023. It is a clear road map that Nigerians have aligned with the PDP in its mission to rescue and rebuild Nigeria from the misrule of the APC.” He was pleased that despite the intimidation by agents of the state government in Plateau, the people demonstrated their resolve and indomitable spirit in the pre-election, during the election as well as post-election. He assured Nigerians that the PDP will live up to its billings by working for the peace, welfare and restoration of security of the citizens of the country. Governor Ortom promised that the party will return Nigeria to an egalitarian society where every citizen, irrespective of tribe or religion, can pursue his or her legitimate ambition in any part of Nigeria without fear of intimidation or molestation. He said that even though the PDP lost in the state assembly bye-election, “it was a slim margin. This means that our projection is on course.” Some weeks ago, Ortom as the chairman of the PDP campaign council in the Federal Capital Territory council polls, led the party to victory against the All Progressives Congress (APC). He said that with the series of victories recorded by the party in recently conducted elections, “it is a clear testimony that Nigerians are tired of the inept leadership of the APC. And we will not disappoint Nigerians in our resolve to rebuild the country from the ruins of the current misrule.” The PDP candidate in the Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency bye-election, Hon. Musa Agah Avia was declared the winner after he polled a total of 40,343 votes. Avia, who is the current member representing Irigwe/Rukuba Constituency in the Plateau State House Assembly, was closely followed by the Peoples Redemption Party’s candidate, Mohammed Adams Gwani, who polled 37,857 votes, while the ruling APC candidate, Joseph Abbey Aku came a distant 3rd, polling 26,111 votes.