The Coalition of Southern and Middle Belt Youth Leaders Assembly, COSMBYLA, has issued warning to the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, and security agents ahead of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT Local Government polls. In a statement issued and made available to DAILY POST on Sunday by the groups’ President General, Goodluck Egwu Ibem, the coalition warned the electoral body against conniving with the ruling party to rig the election. DAILY POST reports that the nation’s capital has been flooded with posters and campaign activities over the election, which is scheduled to take place on Saturday, February 12. The coalition, which is the umbrella body of all the youth groups in South-South, Southeast, Southwest and the Middle Belt, also warned security agents against compromising their professionalism due to pressure from some political leaders. According to the statement, “INEC is expected to conduct a credible election and not be a tool of the ruling party in power to rig or write election results in favour of the current government. INEC must remain impartial in the polls which is what it must be.” The statement reads, “INEC should give proper education and information to voters most especially those who are not literate to avoid mistakes by voters or thumbprinting void votes. “Nigerians who are living within the FCT and are eligible to vote should come out en masse to exercise their franchise without fear or favour, which is their constitutional duty and right. The vote of every Nigerian citizen is his power and such power should be exercised wisely. “We call on security agencies to ensure that INEC staff and the electorates who will come out to vote are protected maximally by them. Stories of how an INEC staff was adopted and forced to write election results or declare a loser winner will not be entertained. “The local government is the third tier of government created by law to bring government nearer to the people. It is at this level that the youths, women and men can directly benefit or have access to government. Any election malpractice at the local level is a direct attack on the people most especially the youths because they are always at the receiving end. “This forthcoming local government election on Saturday in Abuja is a litmus test for the 2023 general elections. If there is a form of irregularities of any kind which we the youth will resist, it then means there is no future in 2023. “We call on the electorates to ensure that the stand put after voting and make sure that election results are declared at the various pulling centres and each party agents will collect their own copies of the result sheets and the people will escort the results to the final collection centres for onward declaration of the winners by INEC. “We can only save our dear country by protecting our elections so that criminals and people of questionable characters do not emerge as political office holders. “Posterity may not forgive us if we keep getting it wrong. We must get it right. On Saturday, February 12, 2022, is a date INEC must get it right by conducting credible elections while the electorate will vote candidates of their choice without any undue financial influence or inducement. “When you are married to your mistakes, you keep giving birth to regrets. We cannot afford to make mistakes this time, we must get it right. “We call on INEC to ensure that the right thing is done by conducting credible elections and we warn all those who are planning to rig the elections or disrupt the elections to stay clear or have the youths to contend with. “We, therefore, call on the United Nations, the international community and lovers of democracy all over the world to deploy sufficient personnels to monitor the elections to ensure the electoral body and all parties involved play according to the lay down rules and world best democratic practice of credible polls”.