The Vice-Chancellor, Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University (ATBU), Bauchi, Professor Muhammadu Ahmad Abdulazeez, on Friday, reiterated the institution’s zero tolerance for cultism and every other form of anti-social behaviour, warning its students, including the newly-admitted 3,063 students, to steer clear of such crimes. Professor Abdulazeez stated this, while addressing the students during the matriculation ceremony for the 2021/2022 academic session held at the institution’s Yelwa campus in Bauchi. The VC informed the matriculants that the ATBU had zero tolerance for cultism, examination malpractices, sexual harassment, drug abuse, indecent dressing, vandalism and truancy. According to him, these vices attracted stiff sanctions from the authority, submitting that the institution was not only to impact knowledge but also to mold its students’ characters to conform with societal expectations. I’m his words, “Here, we totally abhor these behaviours and they attract stiff punishments. Our duty is not only to give you access to knowledge but also to mold your character to conform to excellent societal values and norms in order to be responsible citizens of the country.” While saying that learning and research cannot take place under chaos, violence, rancour, enmity, malice, among others, the Vice-Chancellor declared that any student found violating the university’s rules and regulations governing its conduct would be expelled without hesitation. While congratulating the matriculants for gaining admission into the ATBU, Abdulazeez admonished them to familiarise themselves with the dos and don’ts of the institution with a view to avoiding unceremonious exit from the school. He then advised them to pay due attention to the entire orientation programme organised for them. The VC informed that the university, in collaboration with the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) and some donor agencies were doing everything possible to ensure an acceptable standard in infrastructure and other educational facilities. He, however, urged that to make good use of the facilities on ground, adding that, “I plead with you to use the facilities in place to enable you succeed. As critical stakeholders and custodians of these facilities, you should use them wisely and guard them jealously for your benefit and those coming after you.”