The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said the inability of the ruling the All Progressives Congress (APC) to conduct a routine National Convention was an indication that the party is plagued by cabal war. PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, Tuesday, said the ruling APC is ineligible to contest the 2023 general elections. The opposition party claimed that this further explained why all sectors of the national life had been in the shambolic state under the alleged corrupt, rudderless and overtly confused APC administration. It insisted that APC’s postponement of its National Convention showed that the APC is not a political party but a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) of strange bedfellows, “political buccaneers” and ferocious power mongers on a mission to wreck the nation. The party stated that “the APC which cannot conduct its internal affairs could not be expected to successfully manage the affairs of a nation like Nigeria. The APC is a perfect example of failure both as a party and government unable to conduct a simple National Convention in two years. It has become a Russian Roulette with an unending request for extension of time to undertake a routine statutory political activity. “Our Party is not surprised that the APC, a party of backstabbers, again postponed its National Convention already scheduled for February 26, 2022. It is rather saddening how a set of confused, greedy, deceitful, hard-heartened and self-centred individuals who cannot run a creditable organization foisted themselves in power and plunged our nation into the economic, security and social mess that we face today.” Continuing, the statement read “as a vacuous political contraption without a soul, peopled by “political warlords” without conscience and operating without rules, the APC is a bunch of inchoate sailors clobbered together for remote personal gain; operating without a Board of Trustees (BoT) and a National Working Committee (NWC); exists in violation of rules while constituting itself to a threat to our national unity and corporate existence as a nation. “APC’s postponement of its National Conventions had always been a fallout of the horrible infighting, backbiting and gang war by “political bandits” who are desperate for power and access to our national treasury. That explains why their congresses and other activities are always marred by violence, bloodletting and killings. “Moreover, the APC is not capable of holding a National Convention having become defunct since December 8, 2020, when it dissolved all its states, zonal and national party structures and set up an illegal contrivance called the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee led by Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State”. PDP claimed that “the activities of the Mai Mala Buni Committee remain invalid and unconstitutional by virtue of Section 183 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended) which bars a sitting governor from holding ‘any other executive office’ in any capacity whatsoever while serving as a state governor.” The opposition party said the failure of the APC to hold a National Convention was, therefore, a clear warning to those aspiring for various positions in the 2023 election on its platform to note that with the APC, they are on a journey to nowhere. It added that the only way the APC can legitimately participate in the 2023 general was to re-apply to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for fresh registration as a political party. PDP said Nigerians were hopeful for a better future because it is back and repositioned to rescue and rebuild the nation from the stranglehold of the APC in 2023.