The proposed bill, Youth Entrepreneurship Development Trust Fund, on Thursday, at a public hearing, received support from stakeholders for the 5 per cent of annual capital estimates to be contributed to the trust fund. The bill was sponsored by Hon. Farah Dagogo, representing Degema/Bonny Federal Constituency of Rivers State. The bill was subjected to a public hearing in accordance with legislative procedure after it passed second reading in the House of Representatives. In his opening address, Sponsor of the bill, said the Youth Entrepreneurship Development Trust Fund Bill, if passed into law would directly fund youth enterprises and will also help the Nigerian youths to set up their own businesses instead of looking for white collar jobs. According to him, youths are a critical mass in Nigeria with 55% of the entire population, while “they are highly endowed to the extent that they could contribute to national development, if opportunity was created for them. The lawmaker said: “This bill was conceived in recognition of the enormous potentials of the teeming Nigerian Youths, which constitute over 55 per cent of the country’s population and many of whose budding talents have not been effectively harnessed for the socio-economic growth and development of the country. Hon. Dagogo pointed out that economic constraints were factors working against the youths in bringing out their best in terms of entrepreneurs, noting that the fund would afford them the opportunity to establish their businesses and manage them. Stressing the importance of the bill, he said, once their minds are redirected to establishing businesses on their own with money in form of loan or grant readily made available, many of them would no longer make themselves available for vices. “What went wrong with Nigerian youths, and how can we reverse the trend to galvanize them to become more functional and pivotal to entrepreneurial change? “Here lies the essence of this Bill. This Bill is monumental, colossal, titanic and a roadmap for safeguarding the future of Nigerian youths. When passed, it would provide the necessary panacea on how to re-invent the economy and jettison poverty with youths taking the lead as tigers of revolution, ” he said. Speaker of the House, represented by the Majority Leader, Hon. Alhassan Ado Doguwa, said the 9th House of Representatives are desirous of providing legislations that would have long lasting positive effects on the well being of the youths. Chairman of the Committee, Hon. Yemi Adaramodu lauded the sponsor of the bill. He dismissed claims that the youths have been catered for in various youth programme, pointing out that ‘the so called intervention programme’ were not backed by law and as such difficult to monitor. A Professor in the Department of History and International Studies, Kogi State University, Prof Patrick Ukase, expressed joy ‘ that there is a consensus on youth unemployment’ and an urgent need to arrest the situation with the idea surrounding the bill. Similarly, Prof Sam Otamiri of the Ignatius Ajuru University, Rivers State described the bill as an idea that should be encouraged. He said the bill is a clear solution to the problems of youth unemployment.