Members of the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP, in Imo State, have accused the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, Blyden Amajirionwu, of sponsoring thugs to attack the party campaign train at Ntu in Ngor Okpala Local Government Area of the state. Addressing journalists on Monday, Comrade Collins Opurozor, Director General, New Media of the PDP, alleged that the party supporters were ambushed and attacked by hoodlums who wielded assorted weapons. According to the party, “Members and supporters of the party sustained various degrees of injuries and campaign vehicles smashed. This is coming a few days to the bye-election for Ngor Okpala State Constituency slated for Saturday, February 26, 2022. “The show of shame, which is a further confirmation that democracy in Imo State is seriously jeopardized under Hope Uzodinma, is deeply troubling, and it must be condemned by all and sundry. “The Inspector-General of Police should, therefore, immediately arrest Blyden Amajirionwu and subject him to painstaking interrogation, investigation and arraignment to stem the tide of violence in Ngor Okpala. “Every patriotic Nigerian must now speak up and should never sit back and watch Ngor Okpala become another killing field which some parts of Imo have since become. “One way to decisively tackle this and nip the emerging insecurity in Ngor Okpala in the bud, is by ensuring that this most audacious mayhem unleashed on innocent PDP supporters is never allowed to go unpunished. Blyden Amajirionwu has become a national security threat, and must immediately be arrested! “In the last two years, Imo has been plagued by very many anti-democratic realities. Private citizens, journalists and critics have been arrested and detained. Protesting workers and pensioners have been rounded up and beaten like beasts. All democratic institutions, including the parliament, have been dismantled, and the worst form of dictatorial fascism foisted on the state by Uzodinma. “What is really bizarre and unacceptable too is that the attackers, as the victims and eyewitnesses alleged, openly spoke of their membership of the APC and affinity with one Blyden Amajirionwu, who happens to be the factional candidate of the APC in Saturday’s bye-election. This issue must therefore never be treated with levity. “If the APC in Imo State and its candidate in Ngor Okpala could be caught in the act, aiding and abetting violence, what other evidence is required to conclude that the party and its chieftains have questions to answer over the festering violence in Imo? Thousands of innocent citizens, as well as law enforcement agents, have lost their lives in this orgy of insecurity. It is a heartbreaking situation in Imo. The bestial attacks on PDP members today in Ngor Okpala have thankfully offered a befitting clue into the perplexing insecurity in the state.” When contacted for reaction, Hon. Blyden Amajirionwu, debunked the claims that he was responsible for the attack on PDP campaign train, describing it as fallacy. He said, “I am seriously pained that some ungodly insinuations in some quarters have linked me with the unfortunate saga, but I want the PDP to prove their allegation beyond mere words.”