Rochas Okorocha, Senator representing Imo West Senatorial District, has alleged that the media handlers of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State are behind the story of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) taking him to court over an alleged N2.9 billion fraud. DAILY POST reported that the anti-graft commission had filed N2.9 billion fraud charges against Okorocha, a former governor of the state. The development came hours after the former governor officially declared his presidential bid for 2023. “It may be interesting for patriotic Nigerians, both at home and in the diaspora, to hear that the story of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, taking Senator Rochas Okorocha to court over N2.9 billion fraud allegation came from the media handlers of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State as breaking news. We read the story from them. “And they had waited until the end or an hour after the World Press Conference Okorocha had over his interest to run for the office of President in 2023. “They had wanted to inject the virus into that wonderful and exciting outing and the reason they had waited for the event to come to an end before the nauseating breaking news from Gov Uzodinma’s media campaigners. “Our innocent question, therefore, is this; When did the media handlers of Governor Uzodinma become the Public Relations Officers (PROs) or Special Advisers on Media, to the EFCC, that is not part of the government in Imo?” Okorocha, who spoke through his Special Adviser (Media), Sam Onwuemeodo said, “We are not shouting that this witch-hunt would stop, but for the world to see and know how the government in Imo, has been executing its anti-Okorocha plot or acting the anti-Okorocha Script to the best of its ability and that of its superintendent. “It is also not surprising that the same method adopted in the invasion of St. Peter’s Anglican Church, Eziama-Obaire, and abduction of Uche Nwosu on Sunday, December 26, 2021, has similarities with the stampede or commando method adopted in the reported Monday, January 31, 2022, EFCC case against Okorocha. “Okorocha had honoured the EFCC invitations at any given time. And we could not reconcile or fathom why Okorocha should be reading the EFCC case against him from Governor Uzodinma’s media handlers, even when he has not been served. “We won’t talk about the Federal High Court Order on EFCC for enforcement of Okorocha’s fundamental human rights. We won’t talk much about that. We would only continue to watch the most recent unfolding drama. “The drama of serving or informing Okorocha about a Case against him, through the media agents of the Imo governor.” Reacting to Okorocha’s claim, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor of Imo State on Print Media, Nwamkpa Modestus, queried, “Why is Okorocha always pointing an accusing finger at Senator Hope Uzodinma? For the majority of Imolites and myself, EFCC is even acting very late. Okorocha should have known that a day like this will come. Uzodinma has no hand in his ordeal. “My question is very simple, why is it that if police arrest Okorocha or the judiciary passes a judgment against him, he would point an accusing finger.”