The National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Saturday, said he informed President Muhammadu Buhari of his presidential ambition in order not to offend him. Tinubu said this was done in order not to create bad blood between him and President Buhari, saying he did not want to offend Buhari by “pulling the carpet from his feet.” The former Lagos State Governor spoke on Saturday when he visited the Alake and paramount ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo, at his Ake palace in Abeokuta, Ogun State. Tinubu, who recently visited Buhari to inform him of his 2023 ambition, had earlier visited Awujale and paramount ruler of Ijebuland, Oba Sikiru Adetona at his Ijebu-Ode palace, Ogun State. Addressing the monarch, Tinubu said: “I told the President I want to replace you and I don’t want to offend you. I told the President that I want to step in his shoes, but not step on his toes. “I told him as the number one citizen, I should start my Presidential bid by informing you first, and he (Buhari) told me to inform the whole world, and I have done that.” The APC chieftain recalled that he had served as a senator at a young age, adding that he clocked the age of 50 while serving as governor. He spoke further that, “I have done crusades to return Nigeria to democracy before I started hearing the voices of the people that I should contest for president. I have thought about it deeply, but I cannot think about it alone. “The people said, this time around, I should run for the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. I told them that we have elected someone there and I don’t want to pull the carpet from his feet.” Tinubu said he was in Ogun to seek the permission of the monarchs to contest for president and to also seek their blessings. “I want to seek the permission of the Kabiyesi. I want to seek his blessings and prayers from other chiefs. “I’m here to tell you (Alake) that, I want your prayers and I want to inform you that I want to become the president.” Responding, the Alake prayed for Tinubu to achieve his ambition, expressing optimism that, “if Tinubu becomes the president, Nigeria will be better for it.” 2023: APC reacts as Tinubu informs Buhari of his presidential ambition