Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, on Tuesday, said it is distributing one billion litres of safe Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), known as petrol, in its stock to various fuel stations nationwide. Mr. Adetunji Adeyemi, Group Executive Director, Downstream, NNPC, disclosed this on Tuesday in Abuja while briefing newsmen. 2. President Buhari has appointed Mohammed Bello-Koko as substantive Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Managing Director, effectively sacking suspended MD, Hadiza Usman. The Federal Ministry of Transportation made the announcement on Tuesday in a circular signed by Eric Ojiekwe, Director of Public Relations. 3. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has said that there would be no cover-up for anyone that may be involved in the ongoing investigations into alleged drug dealing of the suspended DCP Abba Kyari, the erstwhile Commander of Intelligence Response Team (IRT) at the Force Intelligence Bureau (FIB) of the Nigerian Police Force. 4. Police investigations have revealed how members of a syndicate led by international scammer, Ramon Abass, popularly known as Hushpuppi paid N235, 120, 000 to a younger brother of a former Commander, Intelligence Response Team, Abba Kyari. The probe also indicates that Kyari equally funnelled N44m to his brother’s bank account in multiple transactions. 5. The All Progressives Congress is on the verge of postponing its national convention for the third time following the inability of the governors to reach a consensus on who should be the next chairman of the APC and on the zoning of positions in the National Working Committee. This is even as the APC refused to sell forms to aspirants vying for several positions in the party. 6. A yet-to-be-identified commercial bus driver, on Tuesday, set himself ablaze in the Ajao Estate area of Lagos State. The driver, who the task force from the Lagos State Ministry of Transportation, impounded his vehicle, was said to be protesting the seizure when he suddenly reached for a petrol, poured it on himself and set himself ablaze. 7. The Osun State Police Command has said security men in the convoy of the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, were behind indiscriminate shooting that occurred at the Old Garage area of Osogbo on Monday. During the incident, gunshots were heard, causing panic among the residents, as the convoy passed through the Old Garage to the Oke Fia area of the State capital. 8. Former governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido, warned yesterday that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, would remain in opposition in 2023 if it failed to resolve its issues, particularly acrimony, arising from the allocation of power. 9. The House of Reps, Tuesday, urged the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Farouk Yahaya and the Inspector General of Police, IGP, Usman Baba Alkali to thoroughly investigate the invasion of five communities in Ahiazu LGA of Imo State where some indigenes were killed by suspected security agents. The House said the invasion and killings commenced in the early hours of Saturday. 10. The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, has reportedly ordered the closure of all satellite units of the Intelligence Response Team (IRT) and SpecialTactical Squad (STS) units across the country. This followed the arrest of Abba Kyari and four others by authorities of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency over alleged drug deals.