Bauchi State Commissioner of Police, Umar Mamman Sanda, on Tuesday, revealed that operatives of the Command recovered 25 AK-47 rifles among other firearms and ammunition in the state. The arms and ammunition, according to Sanda, who addressed the press in Bauchi said the recoveries were made possible through information availed to the Command by members of the public. The arms were handed over to the National Center for the Control of Small and Light Weapons (NCCSALW) at the office of the National Security Adviser in Bauchi State. He said a robust synergy and partnership with sister security agencies, local security outfits and other nongovernmental organisations were cultivated to nip crimes of various degrees in the bud and flush criminals out of the state. The CP said other firearms recovered included one locally made SMG, one locally fabricated AK-47; one English Barretta and one Magazine; two P/Barretta; 29 rusted/unserviceable locally made P/catridges; 27 rusted/unserviceable locally made revolver and one locally made Dane gun. The ammunitions mopped up by the command, according to Sanda, included 874 7.6mm; 5,022 5.56mm; 113 9X19mm; 274 62.7mm; 177 38mm and 87 Blank. The police boss informed that mopping up of illegal Small Arms and Light Weapons (SALW) in circulation was part of efforts by the Federal Government to stop senseless bloodletting and insecurity in the country. Sanda added that the efforts are also aimed at controlling the proliferation of all weapons in the holding of all arms-bearing agencies/organisations in the country. “It is in this vein that President Mohammadu Buhari GCFR, approved the establishment of the National Centre for the Control of Small Arms and Light Weapons (NCCSALW) in March 2021 to institutionalize SALW control at all levels of the polity; and to mainstream illicit SALW eradication efforts,” he informed. While urging members of the public to support the government in its efforts to eradicate illicit SALW in circulation and by extension, promote an illicit arms-free society, CP Sanda assured law-abiding citizens in the state of the police command’s renewed and unwavering determination and commitment to their safety and security. “I, therefore, crave the indulgence of your collaboration and support as the command needs credible information from the members of the public to make our work easy. “This is aimed at policing the state with the aim of ridding it of criminals and criminality,” the police chief said.