Ahead of the 2023 general elections, a new Interim Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC), engineered by a group, Akwa Ibom APC Alliance (AAA) has been inaugurated on Friday, in Uyo, the state capital. The mission of the committee, it was gathered, was to harmonize and unite the divergent interest of APC leaders in the state so as to work towards winning the gubernatorial race in 2023. It could be recalled that (AAA), while unveiling the chairman of the interim committee, Engr Ime Mbom and the leader, Engr Larry Esin, on Wednesday, February 2, 2022, said the formation of an interim committee became necessary following the persistent crisis rocking APC in the state. The Publicity Secretary, Captain Effiong Eyo, who spoke at the stakeholders’ meeting, said they will no longer keep mute and allow fractionalization bedevilling the party cost them victory in 2023 elections as it did in 2019 in the state, hence the need to set up interim committee devoid of members of the four warring factions. According to him, “After wide consultations and discussions with members of our party, APC support groups and others for the way forward, we have all agreed that the APC in Akwa Ibom State should be administered by an interim committee devoid of any member of the four APC factions in the state. This will give us strength, love, unity, peace progress and the needed strength to go for victory in the 2023 elections.” However, speaking after the inauguration, the new interim Chairman, Engr. Mbom, thanked members of the party for the confidence reposed in him even as he pledged to respect the provisions of the party’s constitution. Mbom promised to unite all the factions existing in the APC and ensure the new interim executives work tirelessly to ensure the party takes over the governorship seat in the state in 2023. Addressing the newly-inaugurated interim executives of the Akwa Ibom APC, Mr. Eteyen Okwong, Special Assistant to the Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege, charged them to excuse all forms of bitterness and sink their differences to foster unity in the party. He stated: “The mission of this team is to unite the APC family so that in 2023 we can produce an APC governor in the interest of this state, so that we can move further to replace the misadventure we are currently witnessing. So much is happening currently in terms of bad governance and APC has to reposition.” Our correspondent reports that the inauguration of the Working Committee was witnessed by stakeholders of the party from the 31 local government areas of the state.