The All Progressives Congress, APC, in Imo State has vowed to win future elections in the state, beginning with the forthcoming Ngor-Okpala by-election on February 26. Speaking during the inauguration of the State Working Committee (SWC) and State Executive of the party, the state Chairman of the APC, Hon. MacDonald Ebere, told members of the SWC that APC is the ruling party and the Ngor-Okpala by-election is a must win for them . The state chairman said, ”Always be mindful that the opposition party in the state is not sleeping. We are the ruling party and we are going to Ngor-Opkala to show our might. All hands must be on deck till we win. “Use what the government of Senator Hope Uzodinma has done to preach to the people. Go back to your brothers with franchise and convince them to vote APC.” He further enjoined them to shun divisive tendencies and things that will distract the party so that at the end of the day, the new leaders would be able to give a good account of their accomplishments. Performing the inaugural exercise, he said the event marks a turning point in the history of the party as the new crop of leaders have formally assumed office for a four-year tenure. The state chairman described the exercise as strategic and pivotal in the tenure of the new state party leadership, without which there will be no legitimacy to perform their statutory duties. Imo APC chairman pledged the commitment of his administration to build a brand new party dedicated to meeting the basic expectations of all concerned. “Today, as the newly elected officers of the party subscribe to the oath of allegiance and office as stipulated in schedule 1 of our party’s constitution, a new vista has opened in the history of APC in Imo State. ” A new APC has emerged!! A people-driven political organization committed to complimenting the effort of our dear governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma in his shared prosperity administration anchored on Recovery Reconstruction and Rehabilitation. “As we settle down for business, we want to reassure our party men and women of our shared commitment to building a brand new APC, a popular party that meets the realistic expectations of all through the provision of equal opportunities and privileges. “We will run an open door policy. We will seek to employ internal mechanisms to resolve contentious issues among members. We’ll institute a sustainable reward mechanism for the party. We call on all party faithful in the state to renew their commitment, support and solidarity to the party, its leadership as well as the administration of our performing governor, Distinguished Senator Uzodimma,” he said.