The Rasaq Salinsile faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Osun State and The Osun Progressives (TOP), a group within the party has called on the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba to immediately redeploy, Olawale Olokode, the Osun State Commissioner of Police. The faction and APC group which is loyal to Rauf Aregbesola, the Minister of Interior also accused the Osun Commissioner of Police of supporting the IleriOluwa group which is loyal to the state governor, Adegboyega Oyetola. Making this disclosure during a press conference in Osogbo on Friday, Rasaq Salinsile, the APC factional chairman also accused Olokode of bias in the ongoing dispute between the two groups. Salinsile who said the lives of members were no longer safe in the state alleged that the governor’s action in the dispute between the APC factions was evidence that some elements who are bent on destroying the party were at work. He revealed that on many occasions, members of the faction who are majorly in TOP have petitioned the Commissioner of Police but that he had failed to act on them and address the issues raised. The factional chairman alleged that Olokode was aiding a series of political attacks on some TOP members. He also claimed that despite the series of petitions, letters of notifications and requests to the police, the Commissioner had never detailed police personnel to any of the programmes held by the faction. Salinsile also revealed that in the ongoing disputes, the Commissioner of Police has pitched his tent with the governor’s group and would not hesitate to arrest innocent party leaders who are themselves victims of such attacks. “We are of the firm belief that the refusal to act on our petitions on the impending attacks by the police and other security agencies emboldened the criminally minded associates of Governor Oyetola to become vicious on their attacks on us. “The worst is that we are being punished by the Commissioner of Police, Wale Olokode whenever such attacks happen. This evil occurrence of punishing us for an offence committed against us by the police has been the order of the day. “It is clear and certain that the Commissioner of Police has sold the police’s souls to the Oyetola government and will carry out its bidding so promptly. Olokode and his men are greatly helping the Oyetola people to maltreat, humiliate and de-humanise us, ” he added. The faction also called on the state government to relocate the motor park situated directly opposite the Oranmiyan House Campaign office of Rauf Aregbesola. The relocation he said has become imperative based on the fact that it being located in that environment is now constituting a security breach and a threat to citizens in the area.