Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Police, yesterday, arrested Abba Kyari and four other police officers for their alleged involvement in a case of criminal conspiracy. Other offences listed against them are discreditable, unethical, and unprofessional conduct, official corruption and tampering with exhibits in a case of illicit drug trafficking involving a perpetual transnational drug cartel. 2. Abdulmalik Tanko, the school proprietor and main accused person in the alleged murder of five-year-old Hanifa Abubakar, has pleaded not guilty to the kidnap and murder of the young girl. During his arraignment before a High Court in Kano on Monday, Tanko, alongside his co-defendant denied committing the offences. 3. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), has declared a one-month warning strike to press home its demands from the Federal Government. The National Executive Council (NEC), of ASUU had voted in support of the strike in a meeting that lasted till Monday Morning. 4. Spirited efforts are being made by top shots of the All Progressives Congress (APC), including some officials in the Presidency, to draft Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor Godwin Emefiele into the presidential race ahead of the 2023 elections. 5. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has approved the appointment of Senator Lekan Balogun as the 42nd Olubadan of Ibadanland. Makinde approved the appointment on Monday. 6. ASUU, yesterday, said it has concluded plans to sanction its members in the Federal University of Technology Owerri, FUTO, and the university’s Vice-Chancellor over the “illegal” promotion of the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Pantami to a professor. 7. The couple arrested on Saturday for being in possession of human parts at Leme area of Ogun State have confessed to have committed the crime. The husband disclosed that his wife had single-handedly killed her friend, who had paid her a visit. He said the woman killed the friend, butchered her and dismembered her body parts, which the police later discovered in a bucket. 8. One Abdulrosheed Dada has reportedly been shot dead by men of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) in Ogun State. Dada, who was popularly known as Yoboro, died after he was shot during an encounter with the NCS operatives on Ayetoro road, near Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. 9. The National leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Monday said the ruling APC has grounded the socio-economic activities of the country through bad governance, declaring that the country is now condemned to life support. The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Bayelsa State, Solomon Agwanana stated this in Yenagoa during the formal welcome of over 5,000 members of the APC into the party. 10. The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) says that prospective school candidates without National Identification Number (NIN) will be allowed to write this year’s West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). The council’s Head of National Office (HNO), Mr Patrick Areghan, gave the assurance yesterday.