The Coalition of Southern and Middle Belt Youth Leaders Assembly, COSMBYLA, has described the action of security personnel who denied Governor Samuel Ortom access to receive Vice President Yemi Osinbajo in Makurdi as a coup against democracy. DAILY POST had reported that the security officers bounced the governor at the Nigerian Air Force, NAF, Base in Makurdi when he went to receive Osinbajo who was on his way to Wukari in Taraba State. The development triggered reactions from some political actors who condemned the action of the security officers, alleging that the presidency, which allegedly barred the governor from seeing President Muhammadu Buhari was responsible. However, hours after the drama, the governor and the Vice President finally met when he (Osinbajo) was returning to Abuja after the event in Taraba. The VP was said to have apologized to Ortom. Reacting, a statement issued by its President General, Goodluck Egwu Ibem, COSMBYLA condemned how the governor was treated by security operatives in his own state, saying the “Presidency is toying our hard earn democracy with the manner its about governance and politics”. The statement reads in part, “The development is gross misbehaviour, misconduct, insult and coup against our hard earn democracy which our founding fathers fought so hard to achieve. “The Presidency, through its surrogates (security agents), barred the governor from entering the Nigerian Air Force, NAF, Base, Makurdi to receive the Vice President who was transiting through the NAF Airport to Wukari Taraba State by helicopter. “Who knows if the VP was going to thank the Fulanis killing Benue indigenes hence the decision to bar the governor who is a man of truth and a good conscience from knowing his mission to Taraba State which is the base the terrorists operate from? “The VP, a professor of law, who should know better choose to disgrace himself, his office and make Nigeria a laughing stock before the international community. “We call on the United Nations, the international community and lovers of democracy to come to the aid of Nigerians because our so-called constitution has been reduced to a mere tissue paper under the regime of President Muhammadu Buhari.”