Opeyemi Bamidele, Ekiti Central Senator and governorship aspirant in the just-concluded primary election of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the state, has assured that he won’t challenge the victory of the party’s candidate, Hon. Biodun Oyebanji, in court. Bamidele explained that his decision is in the interest of the party’s unity and cohesion. He noted that though he still harbours resentment against the January 27 primary, which he described as a sham, charade and flagrant abrasion of democracy ethos, he won’t defect from the APC. Recall that after the primary election, the former governorship aspirant had threatened to challenge the outcome of the primary poll that produced Oyebanji as the party’s candidate. He had said the outcome of the poll was brazenly skewed and manipulated by Governor Abubakar Badaru-led APC committee. However, the Senator recanted his earlier position, after critical stakeholders appealed to him to sheathe his sword. In a statement he personally signed, Bamidele said: “Yet, in spite of my strong convictions as expressed above, I have come to some irreversible conclusions and these are the messages I need to pass on to all and sundry today as I temporarily break my silence on the way forward. One is to say that I have chosen to drop the option of going to Court to sue the party. “The other is to make it crystal clear to everyone that both my supporters and I will not defect from APC. Details of the reasons which informed these choices will be communicated at a later date when my supporters and I address Ekiti people and Nigerians at large. It is not just about me. “It is about the unity and progress of Ekiti State and her politically undermined and economically afflicted people.” Bamidele, however, vowed to ensure that his followers who have been isolated from the mainstream of the party become relevant. He said his followers have contributed to building the party in Ekiti State, hence the decision making process cannot be an “exclusive preserve of a few.”