The one-month warning strike declared by the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has pitched the union against student’s group, National Association of Nigerian Students NANS, prompting a threat to protest the latest decision. National President of NANS, Asefon Sunday while reacting to the strike in a statement entitled “ASUU Warning Strike: A Reckless Irresponsibility” expressed the disappointment of students. It also frowned at the manner the parties in dispute handled the negotiation, stressing that its members had been traumatised for too long. Asefon urged the parties in dispute to return to the negotiation table without further delay to salvage the situation and prevent further pain to students. “We, therefore, inform the Minister of Labour to expect us in our numbers and ASUU should be ready to return to the table to end this avoidable, reckless and repugnant strike. Let me assure the Minister of Labour that our protest in his office today is introductory and child’s play compared to what is to come. We are resolute more than before to ensure we hold government, especially the ministry of labour responsible for these incessant strike actions” Asefon said The statement read, “we have received the news of the decision of ASUU to embark on a month warning strike with great disappointment. We have thought ASUU and FG represented by top executives would allow reason to prevail, reach compromise, act responsibly in the interest of the education sector and indeed Nigeria, to do all that is required to responsibly avert this avoidable strike. “We are equally disappointed at the government for not doing everything possible to avert this embarrassment. We are also disappointed with the ASUU for reaching this conclusion irrespective of the implications to the students, academic calendar, research they claim to love, national security, and sanity”. Recall that ASUU had in its weekend meeting in Lagos settled for a month-long strike to pressurize the government to accede to existing demands which cut across funding and other welfare packages.