A group, South East Youths for Equity Alliance (SEYEA), has lauded the courage and unwavering commitment of some Igbo leaders towards the quest by Igbo nation to produce President Muhammadu Buhari’s successor in the 2023 general elections in Nigeria. The socio-cultural group also applauded the bold step taken by former Imo State Governor, Senator Rochas Okorocha, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi and other worthy Igbo leaders for declaring their intentions for the number one seat of the nation. The applause was contained in a statement by the National Publicity Secretary of SEYEA, Comrade Obiyor Ugochukwu, and made available to journalists on Sunday. The southeast organization further reiterated the preparedness of the region to lead the country and salvage her from the myriads of challenges threatening its corporate existence, calling on other sections of the country to support the southeast in adherence to equity, justice and fairness. SEYEA also commended the representative of Imo West Senatorial District at the National Assembly, Senator Rochas Okorocha, for joining the presidential race.
It added that Okorocha’s declaration to run for Nigeria presidential seat has given impetus to numerous calls and demands of people of Igbo nation for a better share since after the civil war. According to the statement by the Igbo group, “The leadership of South East Youths for Equity Alliance and its entire members wish to commend Dist. Sen. Rochas Okorocha, for making known his intention to contest for the number one seat of the nation. Senator Okorocha that we all know is not just a mere politician or a novice in national politics, but a force that can be reckoned with in the country.” Okorocha had declared his intention to run for Nigerian presidency in the coming 2023 general elections on the platform of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC). DAILY POST reported that the ex-Imo governor disclosed his intention in a letter sent to the leadership of the Senate and read on the floor of the red legislative chamber by President, Senator Ahmed Lawan, last month.