Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. About three persons were feared killed when gunmen attacked two polling units during the Local Government election in Enugu State, on Wednesday. The gunmen invaded the polling units at Obeagu ward III in Enugu South Local Government Area and another polling unit at Akpugo in Nkanu West Local Government Area. 2. Rivers State Governor, Barr. Nyesom Wike, has taken a swipe at the Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma, dismissing him as a failure. Wike spoke at a grand reception organized in honour of the National Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Samuel Anyanwu, in Owerri, Wednesday. 3. An aide of President Muhammadu Buhari has endorsed Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), for the 2023 presidency. On Wednesday, Bashir Ahmad, one of the personal aides of Buhari, joined the league of those open to a Tinubu presidency. Bashir made his support for Tinubu known while responding to a question posed by a Twitter user. 4. Following public outcry on air fare increment to N50,000, the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON) has justified the adjustment in the air fare. Speaking on the development at a media briefing in Lagos, on Wednesday, Vice-President of AON, Mr. Allen Onyema, lamented the rise in the cost of Jet A1 from N200 per litre to N430 per litre. 5. A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Senator Magnus Abe, has said he’s optimistic that President Muhamadu Buhari would sign the resubmitted electoral act into law before Friday. Abe, who was fielding questions in an interview yesterday, said the clamour for the electoral act was necessary based on the reality of what is happening in this country. 6. Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle, yesterday, picked Senator Hassan Muhammad Nasiha Gusau as the new Deputy Governor of the State. This follows the impeachment of Barrister Mahdi Aliyu Gusau. 7. The Senate has urged the Federal Government to declare all suspected leaders of terrorists in the country wanted. The motion was entitled; “Urgent need to surmount all kinds of kidnappings, banditry and related security challenges in Wasagu-Danko, Sakaba, and Yauri Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Kebbi”. 8. A Federal High Court in Abuja, on Wednesday, ordered the interim forfeiture of about 10 properties and funds in banks allegedly owned by a former governor of Zamfara State, Abdulaziz Yari. Justice Obiora Egwuatu gave the order while ruling in an ex-parte application by the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC). 9. Following the ongoing constitutional amendment, a fresh move by the National Assembly to grant life pension for its presiding officers, including the Senate President and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, as well as their deputies has sparked outrage among civil society groups and some senior advocates. 10. A man identified as Bright Ekwueme has been arrested by the police for allegedly defiling a five-year-old girl in Rumuekini, Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of Rivers State. The mother of the minor told newsmen in Port Harcourt that she needed protection following a threat to her life.