A former Director-General of the Progressives Governors Forum (PGF), Dr. Salihu Lukman has appealed to the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) led by the Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni to free the party from the current high level of uncertainty surrounding the February 26 National Convention. Lukman made this appeal in a statement issued on Sunday titled, “Success or Failure: APC and Campaign for 2023.” He said being a National Convention, it should be the highest opportunity to celebrate the party and begin to mobilise every party member to recommit himself/herself ahead of the 2023 electoral contests The APC chieftain said while the leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) are daily mobilising for 2023, APC leaders’ voices are low despite the achievements of President Muhammadu Buhari’s government and many of APC state governments. His words: “We must appeal to APC leaders, especially the leadership of the APC Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) under the leadership of His Excellency Mai Mala Buni to free the party from the current high level of uncertainty surrounding the February 26, 2022, APC National Convention. “It is important that the Convention is allowed to produce the needed excitement around all the contests at the Convention. “Being the National Convention, it should be the highest opportunity to celebrate the party and begin to mobilise every party member to recommit himself/herself ahead of the 2023 electoral contests.” Lukman noted that APC leaders must wake up to the reality of preparing for the 2023 campaigns, saying that without good preparation, APC campaigns for 2023 would be reactive and defensive. Lukman stated: “Without doubt, preparing for 2023 electoral contests for APC, being the governing party, comes with a lot of challenges. “As a party, APC must not put itself in a difficult position of campaigning based on propaganda, which in the end will seek to dismiss challenges facing the country and rationalise every action of governments controlled by the party.” The party chieftain said the PDP leaders and their international sympathisers would continue to set the tone for the 2023 campaigns, which would continue to present APC and its government under the leadership of President Buhari as a failure. He said while Buhari was not in denial of Nigeria’s security challenges, acknowledging the challenges is indicative of the commitment of the APC leaders to end the problem of insecurity facing the country.