The Progressive Youth Movement (PYM) has lamented that overriding personal interest has made it impossible to conduct the national convention of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Its leader, Mustapha Audu in an open letter addressed to President Muhammadu Buhari, Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) and the Progressive Governors Forum (PGF), decried that the schedule of activities released by the Committee for planning towards the conduct of the convention has all been violated. It said, “This includes the February 14th sale of form date, release of zoning arrangements, 19th of February return of forms deadline.” The group noted that there are no known members of any committee set up towards the seamless conduct of the February 26th National Convention. It further lamented that there has been no formal communication to stakeholders who have been anxiously waiting to participate in the upcoming convention. The APC youth said many have travelled from far and wide from all over the country to purchase forms and run for different positions and yet there has been nothing but utter silence from the CECPC. It said it believed that this lapse in communication is being filled with a great deal of propaganda which is further causing disunity in the party. It stated: “Holding a convention is not a difficulty as we carried out the previous ward, local government, state congresses and national convention within 12 days in 2018 between May 2nd and May 14th, 2018. “However, the overriding personal interest this time around has unfortunately made it nearly impossible to conduct the national convention in over 20 months since the establishment of the CECPC in June 2020. “There are now rumors making rounds that a consensus chairman and the zoning formula are the major issues delaying the conduct of the national convention and we wish to categorically state that these are not good enough reasons not to conduct the convention or to further shift the convention date.” “The country is watching, and Mr. President has been promised a date of February 26th, 2022, for the APC National Convention. Any attempt to move this date shows that there is no regard for honesty or integrity, and this dents our image in the eyes of all Nigerians. “It is worthwhile to note that this date was decided on over 2 months ago and the CECPC has had more than enough time to put its house in order. “Finally, we want to reassure Mr. President, we as young stakeholders stand ready to conduct the National Convention come February 26th 2022 if the current CECPC cannot carry out the task.”