Elder statesman, Senator Hyde Onuaguluchi, who represented Enugu West Senatorial District in the Second Republic, has declared that Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State is firmly in charge in the State. Senator Onuaguluchi maintained that he has never believed, followed or trusted any other person other than Gov. Ugwuanyi. Speaking during a well attended rally of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), held at Oji River Local Government Area, ahead of the February 23, 2022, Local Government Elections in Enugu State, the former federal lawmaker and revered Chieftain of the PDP described Gov. Ugwuanyi as “our leader, a God-sent leader, our friend, the friend of Ndi Enugu State, the friend of Nigeria, and the friend of humanity”. Senator Onuaguluchi said that Gov. Ugwuanyi’s good works, humility, penchant for peace and uncommon leadership qualities have already done the campaign for the PDP and its candidates in the state. He told the Governor that “you have saved a lot of souls in Enugu State; you have made people who are desperate to be accommodated, to be recognized, to be accepted, and to belong in the society. “Gburugburu (Ugwuanyi) you were sent by God to deliver Enugu State; Gburugburu you are a gift of God to Enugu State. “Gburugburu I don’t listen, follow or trust any other person than you. God will bless you and continue to bless you in the Mighty Name of Jesus, Amen.” Other speakers at the rally, such as the member representing Oji River Constituency, Hon. Jeff Mbah, Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Hon. Manfred Nzekwe, Chief Engr. Anayo Onwuegbu, the Chairman of Oji River LGA, Hon. Frank Udemezue, the State Secretary of the PDP, Cletus Akalusi, all commended Gov. Ugwuanyi for entrenching peace and good governance in the council area in particular and Enugu State in general, reiterating their unalloyed support and loyalty to the governor and his political decisions in 2023. They appreciated Gov. Ugwuanyi for the development projects his administration has executed in Oji River LGA, especially the 8.8km Akpugoeze Road that links various communities in Enugu and Anambra states, numerous healthcare facilities and school infrastructure, which they said have provided conducive learning environment for the students. The Oji River stakeholders maintained that they are 100 percent behind Gov. Ugwuanyi, assuring him that PDP will win a landslide victory in the forthcoming Local Government elections as the party is the heartbeat of the council area. Presenting the PDP flags to the Councillorship candidates of the party in Oji River LGA, the State Chairman of the Party, Hon. Augustine Nnamani, expressed joy over the large turnout of party faithful and supporters at the rally, adding that it was a testimony to the good works of Gov. Ugwuanyi’s administration in the council area as well as acceptance of the party by the people. Addressing the huge crowd, Gov. Ugwuanyi thanked them for their goodwill, support, prayers, solidarity and commitment to the PDP and his administration in Enugu State, promising that the Chairmanship candidate of the Party, Chinedu Onyeagba and his deputy, Sopuluibe Onyebuchi, if elected, will serve them with the fear of God, a commitment which they publicly accepted to adhere to. The Governor, who urged the people of Oji River to come out en masse on February 23 to vote massively for PDP (Umbrella), expressed delight at the emergence of six females as Councillorship candidates of the party in the council area, embracing each of them. The Deputy Governor of the State, Hon. Mrs. Cecilia Ezeilo, a former House of Representatives member from Oji River LGA, Hon. K.G.B. Oguakwa and Rev. Oscar Egwuonwu were among the dignitaries at the event. The PDP train thereafter moved to Udi LGA, in continuation of its LG campaign, where the stakeholders of the council area equally paid glowing tributes to Gov. Ugwuanyi for his uncommon leadership style and entrenchment of peace and good governance in the state, and reassured him of their maximum support, solidarity and loyalty as the leader of the party in the state. Stakeholders of Udi LGA, who spoke at the PDP rally include the Deputy Speaker of Enugu State House of Assembly and member representing Udi North Constituency, Rt. Hon. Uche Ugwu; the member representing Udi South Constituency, Rt. Hon. Chuka Eneh; the former Minister of Aviation, Amb. Mrs. Fidelia Njeze; the State Commissioner for Chieftaincy Affairs and former State Chairman of the PDP, Dr. Charles Egumgbe; the Chairman of Udi LGA, Hon. Ifeanyi Agu; and the LG PDP Chairman, Hon. Okey Aneke. Others were the General Manager of Enugu State House Development Corporation, Hon. Chukwuemelie Agu, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor, Barr. Tahill Ochim, the Chancellor of Coal City University, Enugu, Sir Chinedu Ani and Engr. Osita Ngwu (RG). In his speech, Gov. Ugwuanyi thanked the people of Udi LGA for their confidence in PDP and his administration and enjoined them to mobilize massively and vote for the party in the coming LG Elections. He told the people that the PDP Chairmanship candidate, Philip Oko and his deputy, Hyginus Agu, will also serve them with the fear of God, if elected. The Governor seized the opportunity to express gratitude to his predecessor in office, Sullivan Chime and the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Jideofor Onyeama, who are both indigenes of the council area. He equally remembered and paid respect to greater leaders of Udi LGA of blessed memory, such as Igwe Onyeamaneke, the Ozor Aguneche Ibe, and Chief Elechi Onyia, for their contributions to the emancipation of Wawa people.