Tension is currently brewing in Apata, Gbekuba, BCJ and other adjourning areas of Ido Local Government Area in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, over the alleged killing of a young man by some policemen. DAILY POST gathered on Friday that a yet-to-be-identified man was allegedly killed by some policemen attached to Apata Area Command on Thursday. Sources told DAILY POST on Friday that the young man was allegedly tortured to death by stop-and-search police officers on duty along the Dugbe-Apata Road. Our correspondent learnt that the young man was forced to transfer the sum of N700,000 from his account to the officers before he was killed. It was gathered that the young man informed the policemen that he was a student but they insisted that he looked mischievous. Sources said that the deceased was on a motorcycle going towards Dugbe from Apata when the policemen stopped him. The death of the young man is creating tension in the minds of some of the residents of the communities around Apata, Gbekuba, BCJ among others. The death of the young man prompted some angry youths to make an attempt to attack the police station on Friday, DAILY POST gathered. A source said, “When the man fainted, the policemen themselves rushed him to hospital and we later heard he was dead. “That was the reason the youths mobilized themselves to attack the Police. I pray this does not lead to second phase of endSARS protest”. Another source claimed the incident occurred on Thursday night. “The guy died on Thursday night and I learnt irate youths came back early morning of Friday to burn down the police station but they were repelled and police reinforced. I saw police cars and vehicles stationed there yesterday night”. Our correspondent gathered that the killing of the young man is coming one week after a policeman attached to F-SARS in Lagos, identified as Obasanjo Atoyebi, shot a member of Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) Morufu Ganiyu during an encounter at Oke Ado area of Ibadan. Ganiyu died last Saturday as a result of the gunshot injuries he sustained, though the OPC has called on the police authorities to arrest and prosecute the erring policeman. However, all efforts made by DAILY POST to get a reaction from the Police Public Relations Officer of the Oyo State Police Command, Adewale Osifeso, proved to be abortive. Calls put through to his phone was not answered neither was an SMS sent to him seeking his reaction replied to as at the time of filing this report on Saturday.