Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has urged the police to release Chika Nwoba, Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ebonyi State. Saraki also lambasted the Governor Dave Umahi-led government, noting that “act of injustice” is being “promoted and foisted by those in power in Ebonyi.” A statement by his media office at the weekend decried the spokesman’s arrest for “circulating false information.” Saraki condemned the brutality by Ebube Agu, the security outfit which picked Nwoba before the intervention of the police. A situation where a citizen was suddenly seized, beaten to a stupor and detained for several weeks, “is an assault on democracy”, he said. The former Kwara State Governor expressed disappointment that injustice has transcended every facet of the country. Insisting Nwoba deserves the right to fair hearing, Saraki said he has been controversially remanded after an arrest which started like a kidnap. “He has been prevented from meeting any member of his family. My sympathy goes out to his wife and kids who must be going through a tough time at the moment. “Mr Nwoba is a dutiful member of our great party, PDP, and he is paying the price of speaking truth to power. “Without any doubt, this is another concerted effort to silence the opposition and undermine democracy. “This act of injustice being promoted and foisted by those in power in Ebonyi, is nothing but an assault on our democracy and our freedom as citizens because an injury to one is an injury to all. “This is a time for every well meaning Nigerian and most especially the leaders of our party, the PDP, to stand up and stand with one of our own.” Saraki told the public that Nigeria must be saved from the misfortune wreaked by injustice and miscarriage of justice. The former SP added that with the case in a Magistrate court, he hopes justice will be dispensed promptly and without any delay. In late January, the PDP accused Umahi of unleashing terror on its members and other dissenting voices. Umahi “is using a heavily armed killer squad, disguising under the Ebube Agu security outfit, as a political weapon”, said National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba.