The Federation of Muslim Women’s Associations in Nigeria (FOMWAN) has cautioned principals of secondary schools, authorities of higher education institutions and other agencies against discrimination of all Hijab-wearing women in the country. The association made this disclosure in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday. Our correspondent recalls that some educational institutions have been molesting female Muslim students for wearing Hijab. Prominent among these was a case of molestation of female Muslim students by the authorities of University of Ibadan International School. This made parents of the molested students to approach a court of law to seek redress. FOMWAN Chairperson (Amirah) in Oyo State, Alhaja Alhaja Bushra Oloso, has, however, warned all educational institutions and other agencies to stop harassing female Muslim students on the basis of wearing Hijab. Oloso, while speaking in a statement to mark World Hijab Day, which is usually celebrated February 1, called for an end to all forms of hostility and discrimination against female muslims. She said that those female Muslim students chose not to dress immodestly but adorn themselves in Hijab as commanded by Allah in the Glorious Q’uran. She said, “Discrimination against Hijab anywhere in the world is discrimination against modesty. “Hijab is our Crown not a Crime, Hijab wearing Muslims in Nigeria have not erred or committed any crime in the constitution for upholding the right to wear their God’s given crowns hence the harassment, assault, persecution and molestation in all forms in private or public places must stop. “As we mark World Hijab Day 2022, there’s the need to again reiterate our call to all those who have continued to demonstrate open hatred and animosity for the use of hijab and even niqab to exhibit religious tolerance and allow muslim females to freely follow their religious teachings. “As muslims, we will never oppose anyone who is living by the dictates of his or her faith because freedom of religion is guaranteed in the constitution of the federal republic of Nigeria. “Hijab is the crown divinely ordained by Allah for the female muslims hence it is wrong and totally unwarranted for anyone to criminalize the crown. “Just like anyone is free to dress scantily by exposing those parts that should ordinarily and commonsensibly be concealed, female muslims should be allowed to wear their hijabs and niqabs anywhere without fear of any form of discrimination.”