Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has stated that providers of substandard fuel must be held accountable. The President gave the directive on Thursday in a statement signed by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu. 2. Two policemen and a civilian have been confirmed dead after armed robbers attacked a bullion van conveying money from a bank on Iwo Road to the Idi Ape area of Ibadan, Oyo State. It was gathered that one of the hoodlums was also killed during a shootout with the police. 3. Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State says so far, 30,000 terrorists have surrendered to the military. Speaking with State House correspondents after meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Thursday, Zulum expressed optimism that the menace of Boko Haram will end very soon. 4. First Lady, Aisha Buhari was spotted on the Abuja-Kaduna train on Thursday. Aisha, who had some engagements outside Abuja, had visited Kano, where she tasked Governor Abdullahi Ganduje to ensure justice for Hanifa Abubakar, the five-year-old pupil kidnapped and murdered by her teacher. 5. A 30-year-old man identified as Abbas Musa has been beaten to death by youths in Gwada, Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State, for attempting to abduct a three-year-old boy from an Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camp. 6. The National Reconciliation Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) led by a former governor of Nasarawa State, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, has failed to submit the final report of its findings 14 days to the much-touted national convention of the party. 7. The NNPC has named MRS, Oando, Duke Oil and Emadeb as the importers of the adulterated fuel currently in circulation in the country. It said an investigation revealed the presence of Methanol in the cargoes imported by the Direct-Sale-Direct-Purchase suppliers, which were all lifted from LITASCO Terminal in Antwerp-Belgium. 8. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, says the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working towards uniting stakeholders ahead of the 2023 election. Wike spoke to reporters in Jos, the capital, after a peace meeting attended by a number of party chieftains. 9. The National Assembly, through its Joint Committees on Aviation has concluded plans to summon airline operators and aviation agencies over flight delays. Chairman, Senate Committee on Aviation, Senator Smart Adeyemi, disclosed this during an oversight visit to the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) and the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB). 10. A member of the House of Representatives, Gabriel Zock, from Kaduna State, was on Thursday arraigned before a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory in Abuja on criminal charges of advanced fee fraud, otherwise known as 419.