The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has provided more details in the 25kg cocaine bust involving suspended police DCP Abba Kyari. The Media Director, Femi Babafemi, said the agency carried out an evidence-based investigation and its resolve cannot be weakened by misrepresentation of facts. The police had claimed that NDLEA officers at the Enugu airport were working for the cartel and the smuggler who entered from Addis Ababa. Babafemi revealed part of the transcript of Kyari’s recorded conversation with its undercover officer and a portion of ASP James Bawa’s statement to the police. On Wednesday, the spokesman said Kyari’s team contact with the cartel and how their ring works had been established. “After the NDLEA requested for Kyari and others for interrogation, they were questioned by the police, after which they were handed over along with the report of their interrogation. “According to the police investigation report, ASP James Bawa in his statement to the police reveals that “he was called by an informant identified as IK from Brazil who told him that a drug courier will be arriving onboard Ethiopian Airlines in Enugu. “He explained further that a pointer from IK, the Brazil-based informant met with him at about 1420hrs on 19th January 2022 outside the airport and showed him a picture of the courier. “Subsequently, they sighted the suspect as he exited the airport terminal after all arrival clearance formalities, and he was arrested with another associate,” he said. Babafemi quoted Kyari as informing undercover officers that: “They are greedy, seriously greedy (referring to his informants), we tried to have them accept 40% but they refused, except 50%, they know the rudiment of the deal very well, they are the ones that do the packing. “From Brazil, one of the informants accompanied it to Ethiopia. You understand; one of the informants accompanied the goods to Ethiopia, one of the informants that give us information. He is the boy of the big baron. “From Addis, it will be given to those to proceed further with it, he will get their snapshots without their knowledge. Yes, he will reveal those that are conveying it further, get snapshots of theirs without their knowledge and send to us (Kyari’s team). “So we already know the goods, picture and the clothes they are wearing, hope you understand, we know your name, he will give us everything. So, automatically my team will just be waiting, they will just see you and arrest you.” Responding to an officer’s question on whether his boys are usually stationed inside or outside the airport, Kyari said, “Yes, yes.” “Some are outside while some are inside. They will just allow you to finish arrival formalities and arrest you the moment you come out.”