The Osun State Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) The Osun NSCDC and the Osun Police Command have disagreed over the alleged attack on the convoy of Rauf Aregbesola. Osun NSCDC, had in a reaction, assured residents of the State of adequate security amidst the mayhem caused by some unscrupulous elements in the State capital on Monday evening. Giving the assurance via a statement signed by the Command’s Public Relations Officer, Atanda Olabisi on Monday, the Osun NSCDC Commandant, Emmanuel Ocheja, who noted that the corps would continue to render excellent and all inclusive security services in the State, added that this was in line with the statutory mandates and functions of the corps. Ocheja also stressed that professionalism and impartiality will be the watchword of the NSCDC at all times during its operations. While acknowledging that earlier in the evening, the convoy of Rauf Aregbesola, the Minister of Interior was attacked by political thugs in Osogbo, he explained that security details attached to him were able to disperse them and bring about normalcy to the area. On its part, the Osun State Police Command has also described the shooting by the Minister’s convoy as conduct likely to cause breach of the public peace. In a press release signed by Yemisi Opalola, the Command Police Public Relations Officer and made available to DAILY POST, Tuesday morning, the Command revealed that normalcy has since returned to the area and the situation is under close monitoring. It, however, revealed that no casualty was recorded but that after the departure of the minister and his team, the police recovered 13 empty shells of G-3, assault and AK-47 rifles along the road. The police also maintained that some of the security escorts of the minister started shooting sporadically into the air without any provocation or attack. According to the press release, “The Minister of Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola was moving in a convoy of personnel of NSCDC, correctional service, immigration as well as some unidentified armed people suspected to be political thugs along Orisunbare/MDS Road, Osogbo. Suddenly, some of the security escorts of the minister started shooting sporadically into the air without any provocation nor attack.” Rauf Aregbesola, the Minister of Interior had been in Ijebu-Jesa to attend a critical stakeholders’ meeting of the All Progressives Congress (APC). At the meeting, the former governor of Osun had thrown his weight behind Moshood Adeoti, the aspirant of the Rasaq Salinsile faction of the party. His convoy was later attacked as he made his way through the Station Road area of the town on Monday evening, with exchange of gunshots. The State government, after the incident, made an announcement, noting that it had credible reports that some misguided cowards invaded Osogbo with armed thugs with intent to foment trouble.