The All Progressives Congress (APC), Abia State chapter, has inaugurated its State Working Committee led by a former member of the House of Representatives, Hon Acho Obioma. The former state chairman of the party, Hon Donatus Nwankpa, handed over the reigns of the party leadership to him at the party secretariat on Azikwe road Umuahia, the Abia capital, on Thursday. Nwankpa said that the emergence of Obioma as the state chairman of the APC is the wish of its teeming members, adding that his reign marks the beginning of a new era in the party. The immediate past APC Chairman revealed that the party under his watch rose from insecurity to limelights. Nwankpa pointed out that the party cannot be hijacked by one man, who had refused to submit himself to the leadership of the party. The former Abia lawmaker also insisted that there is no faction in the Abia chapter of APC, rather there is a section of the party loyal to the National Caretaker Chairman of the party and Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni. In his acceptance speech, Obioma lauded the members of the party for finding him worthy to be their leader and pointed out that he will do the job to best of his ability. Obioma urged members of the party to hold regular meetings at the ward and local government levels of the party to strengthen their growth. According to him, “Abia APC has discovered that all Abia residents want a change of the government in the state. We are determined to bring that change to people of the state come 2023. “We are therefore soliciting the support of all and sundry to assist us in our quest to bring this change to Abia state”. On his part, the Publicity Secretary of the APC, Engr Mike Ozoemena, told journalists that Obioma is the authentic state chairman of the party, while the Secretariat remains that of No. 38 Azikwe road Umuahia. Meanwhile, Minister of State for Mines and Steel Development and a chieftain of the party in the state, Dr Uche Sampson Ogah, has congratulated former member of the House of Representatives, Hon Acho Obioma, on the occasion of his inauguration as chairman of the party. Ogah also congratulated other elected officers of the State Executive Committee of the party on their inauguration, expressing total confidence that the new state party officers will deliver on the mandate bestowed on them.