Nigerians have lamented the resurfaced long queues at filling stations and fuel scarcity in the country. DAILY POST observed that long queues resurfaced recently at filling stations in Abuja and Lagos. While the cause of the fuel scarcity is unknown, many Nigerians have been left stranded at bus stops while others lament hikes in transport fare. Some have taken to social media to express their frustration about the situation combined with the lack of constant electricity. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @NeoAkpofure: “This fuel scarcity in Lagos is causing a whole new panic wave.” @Taaooma: “Fuel scarcity, bastard traffic. Life shortening combo.” @Abrahamgreat: “To be experiencing fuel scarcity in one of the largest OPEC countries is one more proof that current Nigeria is not designed for the citizens but for a sect of men who lack empathy, vision and strategy to transform anything. There is HOPE. This country shall be BUILT.” @Austein: “Fuel scarcity+hike in transport fare.CMS ₦300 is now ₦400 cos of fuel scarcity. I’m tired of this country.” @Soyinka01: “Fuel scarcity looms in the nation due to dirty petrol recall by NNPC. This is a dirty joke! @Emmaikume: “I remember how BMC idiots were quick to insult and remind me and many others on social media, that Buhari and APC ended fuel scarcity in Nigeria. fuel scarcity is back in full force. I’m waiting to hear what will be their excuse this time around.” @DemolaRewaju: “Lagosians are too smart for our own good, everybody wanting to be sharper than the next person. This fuel scarcity is artificial as far as I’m concerned – filling stations deliberately restricting sales to few pumps and buyers purchasing excess for storage…no sense in this.” @Adeyemi: “Fuel scarcity is a crisis and in such a case, Light should be an option but never in this crazy country.” @Barcaprincipal: “Imagine saying we want to develop and we are still experiencing fuel scarcity? It actually seems we are retrogressing as a country.” @Toluspin: “Na Nigeria fuel scarcity go dey and electricity go suddenly scarce too. I’m sure biblical hell is jealous of this country.”