Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Bandits have raided the residence of Sarkin Hausawa of Anguwar Azara in Jere, along Abuja-Kaduna highway, Malam Ibrahim Tanko, abducting his wives, alongside his four daughters. Tanko, while confirming the incident to our reporter via telephone, gave the names of his kidnapped wives as Maimuna Ibrahim and Hauwawu Ibrahim. 2. The Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja has quashed the lower court judgment which gave Senator Ibrahim Shekarau’s G-7 faction of the APC in Kano victory over the faction led by the State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje. It was gathered that the appellate court ruled in favour of the governor’s faction in all three appeals lodged against the judgments of the lower courts. 3. A 7-man probe panel has been constituted by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara State, to investigate the circumstances that led to the recent violence in Oyun Baptist High School, Ijagbo, Oyun Local Government Area of the State. 4. Ahead of the Osun State governorship primary election of the All Progressives Congress (APC) scheduled for Saturday, a Coalition of Civil Society Organisations in Osun State has called on the Federal Government to sack the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, for allegedly promoting crisis in the State. 5. The House of Representatives has directed Committees on Aviation, Commerce and Human Rights to investigate the State of Nigerian airports. Others are the activities of airline operators and the coordinating/regulatory agencies in the aviation sector. 6. At least five persons, on Thursday, were hospitalized following a fire outbreak at the Lagos campus of the Nigerian Law School, located at Ozumba Mbadiwe Street, Victoria Island. According to eyewitnesses, the incident led to commotion among occupants who ran in different directions. 7. The Federal Government and the Peoples Democratic Party on Thursday exchanged words over a report by the National Bureau of Statistics in which it was stated that Nigeria’s Gross Domestic Product grew by 3.4 per cent in 2021- the highest in seven years. But the PDP rejected the report, saying there has not been any growth in the economy. 8. The United States Consulate Mission, Lagos office, Nigeria, on Thursday, donated e-library resources to Chrisland University, Abeokuta, Ogun State. The consulate said the donation was part of its core mandate in promoting educational opportunities for Nigerian students and scholars. 9. A housewife in Ogun State, Ramota Soliu, has reportedly fled her matrimonial home after killing her husband, Bello Soliu, at a Fulani settlement located at Iyana Ilewo in Abeokuta North Local Government Area of the State. It was gathered that Bello died from the body injuries he suffered when the wife poured hot water on him, Saturday. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has lamented the mass migration of African youth to European countries, saying the development drains the continent of talent pool, while provoking political crises in Europe. The President stated this in an article he penned to mark the participation of Nigeria at the ongoing 6th EU-AFRICA summit in Brussels, Belgium.