Kemi Filani News ( http://www.kemifilani.ng/ ) looking for writers responsible for researching, monitoring, writing and reporting news stories. The Role The Lifestyle writers & Entertainment writers Duties and Responsibilities Collect, verify, fact-check and analyse newsworthy information thoroughly. Create and deliver news stories (article, video and social posts) with the audience’s perspective in mind. Receive assignments or investigate news leads/tips. Contact, interview and research sources. Abide by journalism’s ethics and codes. Stay up-to-date with the latest current events by properly monitoring news, attending events and building contacts and sources for future stories. Attend press conferences events and file reports promptly. Read copy or proof to detect and correct errors in spelling, punctuation, etc. Skills that would make a candidate successful in this role Experience with content marketing and various content formats such as articles, social and video and a proven ability to drive readership. Excellent communication and news story-telling skills. Ability to work both independently and as part of a team. Ability to plan, organise and prioritise in a fast-paced environment. A lot of energy, passion and enthusiasm Remuneration Remuneration is competitive. Access to the internet 24/7 a good laptop in perfect working condition are required as you will be working from home. Possess a Bachelors degree in Journalism or Mass Communications most well-liked. Have minimal to 1 year of online journalism expertise. Be proficient in the present and rising news-gathering techniques. Possess data of and curiosity in Entertainment, native, nationwide and world information with the flexibility to work beneath strain and meet deadlines. You also MUST have written for a news blog/website before now have sound knowledge of WordPress & SEO. You must be naturally creative at writing. Possess the flexibility to work in a versatile schedule with nights, weekends and holidays. Please ensure you meet these conditions above, then send a mail to kemifilaniblog@gmail.com The mail should contain a cover letter of about three paragraphs detailing why we should hire you. Mail should also have: your social media handles, Curriculum vitae
and links to entertainment stories written by you for the platform you currently work with or have worked for. https://www.kemifilani.ng/