The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said the All Progressives Congress (APC) and President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government’s continued withholding of assent to the Electoral Act Amendment Bill indicates that they are averse to credible elections. PDP warned that the President’s refusal to assent to the bill may trigger a serious political crisis that can derail the electoral system and truncate democracy. Addressing a world press conference at the party headquarters, Abuja on Tuesday, PDP National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba said the current stance of President Buhari further validates the opposition party’s position that “the Buhari-led APC government is averse to free, fair, transparent and credible elections in our country, particularly the 2023 general elections”. The major opposition party urged the President to practice what he preaches, saying his refusal to sign the Electoral Act Amendment Bill constitutes an obstruction to the democratic principle of credible elections. He said any electoral process which does not guarantee the free, fair and transparent transmission of election results from the polling units can only result in a government that lacks credibility and legitimacy which amounts to an unconstitutional change of government against the will of the people. It cautioned the ruling party that voting by citizens should be made easier not harder. He added that “It is clear that President Buhari and the APC are erecting roadblocks to the passage of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill due mainly to the provision for electronic transmission of election results from the polling units which will eliminate APC’s plans to manipulate the system, militarize the process, alter election results at collation centres and foist itself again into power against the will of Nigerians.” The PDP scribe claimed APC is in mortal fear of electronic transmission of results because it cannot survive the “inevitable crushing verdict of the ballot box in the 2023 general elections”. “This leads me to believe that it is in the best interest of the country and our democracy for the National Assembly to specifically state in the Bill, that the Electoral Act will come into effect and be applicable to elections commencing after the 2019 general elections,” he said. He expressed concern that “less than a year to the 2023 general elections, President Buhari and the APC are at it again! Expectedly, the current anti-people scheme against the Electoral Act Amendment Bill by the APC administration is heightening apprehensions across the country of furtive plots by APC leaders to orchestrate a constitutional impasse that can railroad our democracy into an emergency tenure elongation, induced election postponement, self-succession or worst still an interim government situation.” He continued, “this growing tension calls for concern as it has the capacity to spawn widespread restiveness with consequential violence, bloodletting and attendant humanitarian crisis in the country that may affect the entire West Africa subregion, Europe, America and other parts of the world if not addressed. “This is because Nigerians, especially the youths have become more politically aware and involved, with a well-founded and implacable aversion to injustice, oppression, manipulations and undemocratic tendencies as being witnessed under the APC administration. Evidence of this mood became manifest in the EndSARS protest of October 2020. “The situation is being worsened by the arrogant utterances of some officials of the Buhari-led APC administration particularly the Attorney General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami SAN, who is now subjecting the decision of the generality of Nigerians through the National Assembly to personal parochial and partisan whims”. Ologunagba advised President Buhari and APC leaders to stop toying with the aspiration of Nigerians to entrench democracy in Nigeria. The PDP called on all Nigerians, the organized labour, civil society, student bodies, professional bodies, trade unions and the international community to rise and impress it upon President Buhari to immediately sign the Electoral Act Amendment Bill.