The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has berated the All Progressives Congress (APC) led Federal Government for allegedly providing cover for leaders reportedly involved in the importation of toxic fuel into the country. PDP demanded an investigation into reports of how APC leaders allegedly connived with foreign interests to import contaminated fuel, laden with methanol in their desperation to defraud Nigerians. The opposition party said it was a deliberate move by APC leaders to fund their 2023 alleged rigging scheme. PDP condemned the alleged despicable acts, noting that, “the inclination for official concealment ostensibly informed the refusal by the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, on national television on Wednesday, February 9, 2022, to name those involved in the importation of the poisonous fuel into the country. It also rejected the announced internal investigation on the account that the various investigations instituted by the APC government in the past ended without any meaningful outcome. PDP called for an Independent Commission of Enquiry to investigate all issues so that those involved will be exposed and held accountable. It insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari, as the Minister of Petroleum Resources cannot acquit himself with his reported buck-passing, querying of subordinates and attempt by the government to use some companies as scapegoats instead of accepting responsibility by exposing and naming individuals involved in the crime. The statement in part read “President Buhari and the APC must explain how the reported 317 million litres of toxic fuel came into our country, got cleared and distributed across the nation to worsen the life-discounting experiences of millions of Nigerians under the APC administration. “Apart from the consequential economic hardship occasioned by the damaging of cars and equipment, crippling of means of livelihood across the country as well as an increase in the cost of food items and essential services, the cascading effect of adulterated fuel on our aviation industry can only be imagined. “Sadly, the situation can trigger loss of confidence by international airlines in our aviation fuel supply with attendant economic downturn as they would more likely prefer to fuel in neighbouring countries”. PDP called on all Nigerians, particularly the Organized Labour, Civil Society, Student Bodies, Professional Bodies and all persons of goodwill to insist on an independent inquiry of the crime against Nigerian people.