The Nigeria Senate, on Friday, turned down a move to have the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology take total supervision of the Nigerian Building Research Institute. The rejection was contained in the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan’s address at a two-day public hearing organised by the Senate Committee on Science and Technology, in Abuja. The Senate Committee on Science and Technology chaired by Senator Lilian Uche Ekwunife, has conducted a two-day public hearing on three proposed legislations which are Nigerian Building and Road Research Institute Establishment bill; National Energy Sustainable Development Bill and the National Research and Innovation Control Establishment bill. The Senate President, who was represented at the occasion by the Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Boroffice, stressed that it would be unfair to bring NIBRI back under the control of the Ministry. He said, “I, (Boroffice) joined the Ministry of Science and Technology in 2008 and I was the Chairman, Senate Committee on Science and Technology from 2011 to 2019. “I understand the anatomy of science and technology. The agency had been freed from the armpit of the ministry.” Ajayi insisted that it would be unfair to bring back NIBRI, which is an agency to the Ministry of Science and Technology, stating it should be allowed to play it’s roles without the control of the Ministry. “The agency should be allowed to play their roles without the control. We are talking about innovation. How can we get innovation if the agency is not free.” According to him, the ministry was supposed to formulate policies for itself and agencies under it, but the idea of returning NIBRI to it would be vehemently opposed by the parliament. “The Director-General of the agency should also be challenged on the aspect of monitoring and supervision. “You are not involved in the control of construction. It is only when there is a case of building collapse that NIBRI would be called upon.” Lawan also tackled the agency in charge of development control by accusing its officials of inefficiency. He said, “The development control agency. I am sorry, I don’t think I support what you guys are doing. “Your men only go to site and collect money. You don’t do any thorough work and I am going to take it up with you at the right time. “You are supposed to go to site and take control. Your people only go there to collect money. Quote me. My name is Boroffice.”