Some stakeholders from Akwa Ibom State have commended Governor Udom Emmanuel’s decision to name Pastor Uno Eno, Commissioner for Land and Water Resources in the State, as his preferred successor ahead of the 2023 governorship election. The stakeholders under the aegis of Professionals For Development in Akwa Ibom, at a press briefing in Abuja on Monday, claimed Governor Emmanuel’s decision was “a reflection of the shared expectation of the people in a bid to develop the State.” The group’s leader, Ufot Akan Umoren, told newsmen that contrary to insinuations, Pastor Eno emerged after the Governor and critical stakeholders across the State and outside the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) deliberated. Umoren said Udom’s decision has now saved the State from the challenges of partisan contestations that would have caused it huge financial and social losses. He claimed the choice of Pastor Eno was the right move to consolidate and continue the work of Governor Udom. “Governor Udom Emmanuel’s choice of Pastor Eno as his preferred successor is a step in the right direction and reflects the quest of the people for a governor that will walk in Emmanuel’s footprints and continue to provide the peace, stability and development we enjoy under him today. “Contrary to speculations in some quarters, the choice of Pastor Eno is a product of very extensive consultations across the State. Governor Udom Emmanuel has helped the PDP to get it right again on the candidate for the 2023 governorship election because with Pastor Eno, the election will be a straightforward victory for the PDP and the people of Akwa Ibom State,” he said. The General Secretary of the group, Dr. Emem Akpan, said with Pastor Eno as Governor Emmanuel’s successor, the continued development and stability of Akwa Ibom State was guaranteed. She described Udom Emmanuel as a very meticulous administrator, who has led the State to higher heights, saying his choice of Pastor Eno was proof of his commitment to the State. The group appealed to other PDP governorship aspirants in the State to put away their personal interests and support Pastor Eno for the general good of Akwa Ibom.