Ahead of the 2023 general election, the National Assembly caucus of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has assured the former Senate President, Anyim Pius of support towards the Presidency. The caucus gave the assurance during a consultative meeting it held with Anyim on Tuesday in Abuja. The former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, who acknowledged that the National Assembly remains his primary constituency, said the advice of the PDP caucus will help him win the party’s presidential ticket. Anyim said, “The whole idea is for people to know that we believe in the PDP, we are proud of PDP, committed to PDP and our future is tied to PDP. Some time ago, I took a look at the political environment and said I should on your behalf, seek the office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in 2023. “I cannot do it on my own, I cannot do it alone. But if you ask me to stop, I will stop where you ask me to and if you ask me to go ahead, ‘be bold and courageous, that you are with me, whatever the obstacle on the way, I will go on. When I remember you are with me, I will be bold enough to continue. I have come out to ask you whether we can set out on this journey. If you advise otherwise, I will listen to you attentively. I am a party man. I am here to seek your advice, your guidance and your support as well as your partnership, he added. On his part, Senate minority leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe who extolled the leadership qualities of the former, said his popularity would count as an asset for the PDP in 2023. “How can we tell you not to go ahead being one of our own? On behalf of the joint caucus of the National Assembly, we say go on and take charge. We are with you. In his remark, the House of Representatives minority leader, Ndudi Elumelu said Anyim represents the light Nigerians and PDP have been waiting for. He charged presidential aspirants on the platform of the PDP to eschew hate words, noting that at the end of the contest for the party’s ticket they would all return to the same political family. Elumelu said: “APC as a party is disjointed and PDP has successfully shown that it can lead the way. Today, we have completed our convention and all the congresses were done without acrimony. Of course, you know that APC set out to produce 36 states chairman and in the Federal Capital Territory, FCT but succeeded in electing 92. So, I wonder how they are going to do their convention. He continued “It behoves on us to be more united. The fallout of February 26 (date slated APC elective convention) will form a new Nigeria where PDP will be leading the progressives to rescue Nigeria. And for that, I want to plead with our Presidential hopefuls to talk to their supporters. We should not abuse ourselves; we should not insult ourselves. At the end of the day, it is the same house that we all belong to. Let all of you go out and canvass for support. Tell the people why you think you are competent enough to be the President of Nigeria and carry our flag. “We don’t want to see people talking about age, talking about what is not encouraging. What is encouraging is for us to take over Nigeria because APC has corrupted Nigeria. And because they have done that, we can only show Nigerians that we are the best alternative to the APC, he added. Other lawmakers in attendance include the lawmaker representing Enugu North Senatorial District, Chukwuka Utazi, ex-Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, former governor of Abia State, Senator Theodore Orji, among others.