The Kenyan government has disclosed that there is no Immigration record of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, departing the country after his arrival on 12th May 2021. It disclosed this in an Affidavit “drawn up and filed” by the Kenyan Attorney-General and deposed to in Nairobi, Kenya on 10th February 2022. In the Affidavit, the Government of Kenya attached Kanu’s arrival and departure record from Kenya from 17th July 2019 to 12th May 2022 when he last entered the country. This latest fact was contained in a statement signed by Kanu’s Special Counsel, Aloy Ejimakor, and forwarded to DAILY POST on Wednesday. Kanu was rearrested and repatriated from Kenya in June 2021. Upon his return to Nigeria, the IPOB leader was arraigned before Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court for charges bordering on terrorism. However, the statement said, “In the latest Affidavit filed by the Kenyan government in defence of the suit filed by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu in Kenya, it asserted that there was no immigration record of Kanu’s departure from Kenya after his last arrival on 12th May 2021.” In the Affidavit “drawn up and filed” by the Attorney-General of Kenya and deposed to in Nairobi, Kenya on 10th February 2022, the Government of Kenya attached Kanu’s arrival and departure record from Kenya from 17th July 2019 to 12th May 2022 when he last entered Kenya. Paragraph 12 of the Affidavit stated, “That it is evident from the schedule below that since 17/7/2019, the said Nwannekaenyi Nnamdi Kenny Okwu-Kanu has visited and departed Kenya on several occasions”. Paragraph 13 of the Affidavit states “That from the above travel history, it is evident that his last arrival date was 12/5/2021 and there is no evidence exhibited to prove that he thereafter left the country”. Paragraph 14 of the Affidavit stated, “That I am not privy to his (Kanu’s) arrest, detention or extradition”. Ejimakor noted that Kanu’s extraordinary rendition was an indication of crime against the IPOB leader. “It is pertinent to note that this Affidavit, having been “drawn up and filed” by the Attorney-General of Kenya is the clearest official confirmation yet from the government of Kenya that what happened to Nnamdi Kanu in Kenya amounts to a crime, both in Nigeria, Kenya and under international law. “With this latest development, Kanu’s ordeal in Kenya has turned a new corner where domestic and international criminal indictments will lie against the persons that directly or indirectly participated in this high crime. It has gone beyond extraordinary rendition,” the statement added.