The Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Osun State Governorship Primary Election Committee and Kwara State Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, has highlighted the reasons Governor Adegboyega Oyetola clinched the party’s ticket for the forthcoming July 16, 2022 election. He said the state is on the right track and it showed in the outcome of the primary that the government was in touch with the people. Abdulrazaq made this known on Wednesday in Abuja when he submitted the report of the party’s direct primary conducted last Saturday to elect the APC governorship candidate for the election. The committee chairman stressed that the administration of Governor Oyetola is alive, strong and popular, judging by the massive and peaceful voter turnout. Abdulrazaq said: “We also saw it as a huge challenge, seeing the press and social media reports on the happenings in Osun before and while we received the appointment. I am glad that as Chairman of the Committee, I had very strong support from my team and they were up for the challenge.” The governor stressed that the primary election committee saw it as a privilege to have been appointed to undertake the exercise on behalf of the party. Abdulrazaq added: “It seemed like a walk in the park, but a lot of work was done. We are glad that we were able to deliver a credible election in which all the stakeholders and people of Osun are happy about. “I must report back to the party that the APC is alive and strong in Osun. The Governor is doing well and the party is doing exceedingly well. Aregbesola has done well and Oyetola has built on it magnificently. The roads infrastructure are superb. We saw bridges being constructed, schools, and human capital development.” The governor revealed that he made enquiries on the Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC) allocations to the state and found out that there used to be a deduction of about N2.4 billion monthly. His words: “That has reduced as well, slightly over N1 billion monthly. Another N70 billion has been repaid in loans by the state government. So, the state is on the right track and it showed in the outcome of the primary that the government is in touch with the people. I urge Nigerians to visit Osun State.” Other members of the committee are Sen. Ibrahim Oloriegbe, Hon. Abdulkarim Abdulraman, Hon. Wale Raji, Mrs. Yetunde Imolehin, Mr. Ofonmbuk Bassey and Sen. Julius Ucha who served as the Secretary. The National Secretary of the party, Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, while responding commended the Committee for undertaking the assignment on behalf of the party.