The Rasaq Salinsile faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Osun State has alleged the discovery of a plot to kill Rauf Aregbesola, the Minister of Interior by the Osun State government. A press statement signed by Abiodun Agboola, the Osun APC Publicity Secretary, said the alleged plot to have Aregbesola killed involved an ambush to be laid for his entourage as they visit the Iwo Federal Constituency on Tuesday. Revealing that the plot was to stop the Iwo meeting from holding on Tuesday, Agboola said sources close to the faction revealed that the hatchers of the plan were not happy at the failure to allegedly eliminate Aregbesola on Monday evening during the Osogbo shootout. While calling on the security agencies in the state to be proactive in designing foolproof measures to expose those in government who were behind the evil plot, the factional leadership disclosed that it had reliable information that some government officials had a meeting where a mandate to frustrate the Iwo meeting was on the agenda. At the time of filing this report, state government officials contacted by DAILY POST refused to comment on the allegation, preferring that it is the party that should give an appropriate response about the allegation. Attempts to get members of the party to comment on the allegation also proved futile. Meanwhile, Prince Gboyega Famodun, the Chairman of the Osun APC has called on the Presidency and the Inspector-General of Police to call the Minister of Interior to order. This as the Osun APC chairman also accused the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) of lending itself an infrastructure of disrupting the peace that Osun has been enjoying. In a press release he personally signed, Famodun accused the NSCDC of abandoning their legal duties in place of providing cover for individuals with ulterior motives who do not place value on innocent citizens’ blood. The Osun APC chairman who recalled that Osun has remained peaceful until the countdown to the party primaries maintained that the party, the state government and the citizens of Osun were not interested in any form of violence. While stressing that the ambition of any individual or group is not worth the blood of any Osun citizen, he warned that it was ungodly, unfair and immoral for anyone to deploy taxpayers’ money against taxpayers. Meanwhile, the Osun State Police Command had issued a statement Monday night revealing that it recovered 13 G3 and Ak-47 spent shells from the scene of the shootings at Station Road part of Osogbo. In a statement signed by the Spokesperson of the Command, Yemisi Opalola, the Police said the actions of the Minister of Interior and that of his security escorts were conducted likely to cause a breach of the peace in the state. The statement said the report of what transpired at the time of coming public was still sketchy but that the command will make a full report known to the public at the end of investigations.