The acting chairman of the Olasoji Adagunodo faction of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State, Wale Ojo has described the appointment of Sunday Bisi as the acting chairman by the National Working Committee of the party as an aberration. Recall that an Osun State High Court sitting in Ile-Ife on Wednesday, February 16, 2022, declared Wale Ojo the acting PDP chairman in the state and validated the congresses conducted by Olasoji Adagunodo. In a press release obtained by DAILY POST, Ojo maintained that the letter appointing Sunday Bisi as acting chairman of the party in the state was not binding on the party. Wale alleged that the letter was purportedly written by Sunday Bisi and Umar M. Nature, the National Organising Secretary, he pointed out that such an appointment letter which is an administrative decision does not fall within the jurisdiction of Baturecs office. “The attention of the Osun State Working Committee and the State Executive Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party has been drawn to a letter purportedly written between two private persons vis-a-vis, Sunday Bisi, Osun PDP Publicity Secretary and Umar M. Bature, the National Organising Secretary of the party which, has been described an unofficial and therefore not binding on the party as a state chapter. “The party wants to point it out that such administrative decision of writing a letter, appointing a replacement does not fall within the jurisdiction of the office of the National Organising Secretary of the party which also suggests that the person who has the power to do so must have declined to avoid running against the laws.” Ojo stressed that nobody was above the law as the PDP is a jointly owned and financed political party where democratic tenets and principles and obedience to the rule of law reigned supreme. While asking members of the party in the state to remain calm and law-abiding, Wale assured that they were resolute in the pursuit of the implementation of the rule of law adding that the decision of any court of competent jurisdiction remained sacrosanct. In his words, “It is also pertinent to those at the PDP helms of affairs that the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, other extant laws of the land and all decisions taken by any courts of competent jurisdictions remain sacrosanct, superior to all personal pronouncements and their decisions are binding on them and on all organs of the party which suffice to say that court judgment is superior to any individual or private letters that might emanate from them against the laws of the land. “The Constitution of the PDP and its provisions are also superior and supreme to any other laws and therefore have binding effects on all organs or officers of the party.” “It must also be clearly stated that no organ or officer of the party has the monopoly of finality to issues especially if it concerns the laid down rules and regulations on the structures of the party as it is in the PDP constitution, 2017, as amended.”