The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress (APC) administration as a government of liars, for the liars and by the liars. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed at a media briefing early on Thursday in Abuja, had said the administration of the APC had put in place structures that would not only check corrupt tendencies but make it unattractive and costly. PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, vehemently disagreed with the Minister of Information’s claim, stating that the Buhari administration is sinking deeper into the abyss of failure. The opposition party stated that “the APC administration is unsettled by the Transparency International (TI) Report which ranks Nigeria under President Buhari as the second most corrupt country in West Africa and 154 out of 180 in Global Corruption Index, given APC’s humongous corruption including the exposed looting of over N16 trillion public funds by APC leaders and their cronies in government.” It also added that the President Buhari-led administration has no response to the alleged looting of $25 billion under its watch as detailed in the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) leaked memo. PDP also challenged the APC government to give answers to the “reported stealing of N165 billion in the Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA), the N1.5 trillion and $9.5 million reportedly stolen from Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), the $65 million frittered from the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria (FMBN) as well as the N90 billion reportedly looted from the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS). “This is in addition to the reported looting of N33 billion from the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), the reported stealing of over N18 billion from the rehabilitation of IDPs in the North East, the over N25 billion from the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) as well as the looting of N500 billion Social Investment Programme Fund as revealed by the First Lady, Aisha Buhari among others,” the statement stated. PDP berated the Minister of Information and Culture over his attempt to conceal the alleged complicity of the APC in the continuing insecurity in the country and claim that the APC government has uncovered 96 sponsors of terrorism and arrested 45 persons confirmed to be terrorists. It queried that, if the ruling APC cannot purge itself of a self-confessed terrorism apologist, how can it claim to have effectively confronted terrorism in the country? The opposition party also challenged the APC to publish the names and details of those it claimed to be sponsors of terrorism and those it claimed to have been arrested.