A Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Zamfara State, Mr Aminu Umar has challenged Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle to pinpoint one capital project he has executed in almost three years of his administration. Aminu Umar who is the principal private secretary to the embattled Deputy Governor, Barrister Mahdi Aliyu Gusau challenged the governor while speaking to newsmen in Gusau, the state capital. He said all was not well in the state, alleging that the Governor has opted to enrich himself rather than execute developmental projects in the state. He alleged that the Governor has not executed any meaningful project since he assumed office and has continued to cause confusion in a state that is heavily traumatised by terrorism. Umar claimed that Matawallen could not take care of the Internally Displaced persons (IDPs) in the state, saying “these IDPs are now roaming the streets begging for food to eat while the Governor is claiming that he has constructed standard IDPs camps across the state” he said. “Apart from the IDPs problem, there are other critical challenges bedevilling the entire state” Umar also accused Governor Matawalle of crippling all the sectors in the state, saying that in the education sector, the Governor has refused to settle examination fees for WAEC and NECO students putting the teeming youths in uncertainty, jeopardizing their future. He challenged the Governor to explain how he spent the sum of N31 billion naira security vote he collected in 31 months. Mr Umar insisted that the Governor needed to give a detailed explanation on how he utilized the huge amount of money he received as security vote, cash allocation to his office, office of his principal private secretary and that of the Government House in 31 months. The PDP Chieftain claimed that in 31 months of Matawalle’s administration he collected six hundred million naira (N600,000,000.00) as ‘security vote’ monthly, saying that he spends three hundred and fifty million naira as ‘cash allocation’ for his office, thirty million naira for the office of his PPS and thirty million naira as cash allocation to the Government House. He said ”the total amount comes to one billion and ten million naira monthly, if multiplied by 31 months it will be equal to thirty-one billion, three hundred and ten million naira, (N31,310,000,000) he alleged.