Some Stakeholders in the Ekiti State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have appealed to the former Commissioner for Works, Mrs Funmi Ogun to accept her nomination as a deputy governorship candidate for the June 18 poll. The stakeholders said rejecting the offer to be running mate to the candidate, Hon Bisi Kolawole, may spark up another round of confusion in the opposition party and rob it of victory, in spite of enormous goodwill it now savours among Ekiti voters. Sequel to her nomination by her party for the coveted position, Ogun, who is Governor Ayodele Fayose’s ally under whom she served as Commissioner, had rejected the offer, on the premise of alleged laxity being displayed by the national leadership to her nomination. Ogun, in her February 24, 2022, letter addressed to the PDP National Chairman, Dr. Iyorchia Ayu, said she rejected the offer on the fact that the national leadership failed to act accordingly after her presentation. But the PDP stakeholders in Ido/Osi local government, in a statement, on Friday, appealed to the ex-Commissioner to reconsider her hardlining position and accept the offer. The statement titled: “Where Are We Getting it Wrong? What is Going on in the House”, and signed by one of the leaders, Hon. Pius Esan and made available to journalists, posited that the rejection had made PDP a laughing stock and created an erroneous impression that the party is suffering implosion. The stakeholders said: “The unprecedented joy on the streets today by our rival Social Democratic Party (SDP) can’t be quantified over the rejection of the Deputy governorship nomination, by Hon. Funmi Ogun. “By this, it was crystal clear that Hon. Ogun happened to be sole obstacle considered in the SDP led by former governor Segun Oni’s camp, most especially, in Ekiti North Senatorial district. “Her resignation letter had called for a celebration galore in every nook and cranny of Ido/ Osi. Now, they are more confident of Segun Oni’s victory in Ido/Osi, knowing that the former commissioner holds the ace in that axis due to her impressive performance while in office and strong leadership qualities. “We are happy that her loyalty to PDP remains unshaken. To those in the opposition, the naked truth remains that her resignation is nothing, but relief on their parts. “We encourage all our the leaders, elders, and stakeholders of this great party to plead with Hon. Ogun on this offer. No doubt, leadership is never a pleasure, but a heavy responsibility that requires a dauntless and tactful personality like her to shoulder. “No misgiving about the fact that she is a mobilizer with strong grassroots attachment. Our leaders should not fold their arms on this matter. They should urge her to have a second thought on this issue for the love of our party and state”.