Students, under the platform of National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), B Zone have threatened to block all federal roads in the zone. The students noted that the need to block the roads became necessary due to the ongoing strike embarked upon by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). DAILY POST recalls that ASUU had a few days ago commenced a one-month warning strike. NANS has, however, threatened to block all the federal roads in all the six states in the South-West geopolitical zone if the federal government and ASUU failed to resolve the differences between the two of them. The union said that it will block all the roads if the difference is not resolved on Tuesday (tomorrow). Southwest Coordinator of NANS, Tegbe Fiyinfoluwa who spoke with journalists on Monday in Ibadan, said the students have been taken for granted for too long. He urged the Federal Government to learn how to respect agreement. He said that on many occasions when the federal government and ASUU reached agreement, the Federal Government failed to fulfill the pledge. He also enjoined the ASUU to have ways of spending their resources. “If peradventure ASUU and the federal government refuse to make up today, we will block all the federal roads tomorrow (Tuesday). “Unfortunately, we students are always at the receiving end. If the Federal Government and ASUU refused to resolve today (Monday), we won’t hesitate to go by the way of violence. It is going to be a violence for violence and war for war. “They cannot continue to be wasting our time. When two elephants fight, it is the grass that suffers. And it is obvious we the students are suffering and no one cares about us. “We are calling on the Federal Government to learn how to respect agreement. We have seen on many occasions when the Federal Government and ASUU reached agreement but the Federal Government failed to fulfill the pledge. “We are also calling on ASUU to have a decisive way of spending their resources, even when their demands are met.”