An aide to former Vice President Atiku Abubakar during the 2019 presidential election, Segun Showunmi, has said he wants to join the governorship contest in Ogun State come 2023 but the three-time unsuccessful attempt of Gboyega Isiaka is giving him mixed feelings. DAILY POST reports that Isiaka, fondly addressed as GNI, contested and lost under different political parties in 2011, 2015 and 2019. Isiaka has since joined the incumbent Governor Dapo Abiodun in the All Progressives Congress (APC), promising that he would not contest against him in 2023. As he clocked 60 today, Showunmi congratulated the Imeko-born politician, commending his courage to contest for the governorship seat in three consecutive elections. In his message to Isiaka, the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain recalled telling Isiaka that he wanted to join the race in 2023, saying, however, that his ambition was laced with fear and encouragement. Speaking on his fear, Showunmi wondered what to make of Ogun citizens when they use their democratic franchise. The Egba indigene said he was still unable to rationalize why Isiaka could have been sidestepped, despite his programs, ideals and the candour with which he ran on three occasions at great costs, both emotionally and financially. “Like I have informed you, I am surely contemplating picking the baton to contest for the exalted office of the governor of our beloved Ogun state. I am well aware that you are now with the opposition party, notwithstanding, I deem it fit to inform you, for your effort and journey reflect both my fear and encouragement to try. Fear because I wonder how and what to make of citizens of our beloved Ogun State when they use their democratic franchise. “I am still unable to rationalize how you could have been sidestepped, for I know your programs and some of the ideals that you pushed forward and the candour with which you have run on three occasions at great costs both emotionally and financially. I have asked a million times, do the people know what to look out for in a would-be leader? I believe because of your efforts, the people are far more informed of the consequences of their election choices and the consequences they carry. My fears are situated within that thought process; are the people truly ready?” he asked. However, Showunmi said he was encouraged by Isiaka’s endurance and dignity, stating that: “You also represent the biggest encouragement and hope for me to try for I must say, save for one or two post-contest decisions, I am pleased with how you have endured much and the dignity with which you have carried yourself. He added said further, “My hope is a need to ensure that we do not reduce our beloved Ogun State into a lowly fiefdom that can least inspire the next generation because of the absence of ideations, brilliance and soundness of thoughts in the contest.” While describing Isiaka as a great symbol to project in terms of outward “personae of omoluabi”, Showunmi said Isiaka is one to be proud of “On this day, I want to celebrate your darling wife, Toyin, and your family and close associates who have collectively made the burden of the journey easy. I want to on your behalf thank men and women of goodwill who have stood by you over the years. “Surely, I wish to thank God Almighty who had shown that indeed his eyes are on the sparrow and he resolves all things in his own time. “My dear leader, congratulations on your birthday and may the good Lord be with you and bring the required result. “May your Isaac order of years commence where it is written in the Holy books according to Gen.26:12. “Then Isaac sowed in that land and reaped in the same year a hundredfold, and the Lord blessed him,” he submitted.