Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Senator Rochas Okorocha says President Muhammadu Buhari has promised to take on the case he has with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). He said this on Thursday while responding to questions from State House reporters after a closed-door meeting with the President at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. 2. The Federal Government yesterday said it has identified individuals, companies and forex operators with links to terrorism financing in Nigeria. Buhari’s minister, Lai Mohamed said analysis by the NFIU between 2020 and 2021 revealed 96 financiers of terrorism in Nigeria, 424 associates/supporters of the financiers, involvement of about 123 companies and 33 bureaux de change. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has done everything possible to develop Nigeria, but the only challenge is for Nigerians to accept to grow their country. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, said this at an academic town hall meeting in Abuja on Thursday. 4. Oranmiyan House, the campaign office of Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, came under attack on Thursday evening. Gunmen broke into the office located in Osogbo, Osun State capital, some minutes past 5pm, according to residents. 5. Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State has warned that Boko Haram menace will be “a child’s play” if the Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) is allowed to grow. He gave the warning when he appeared at the weekly briefing organised by the Presidential Communication Team at the State House, Abuja, on Thursday. 6. The House of Representatives has threatened to involve all relevant authorities against estate developers in Abuja that flout any rule or encroach on prohibited areas. The Chairman, House Ad-Hoc Committee on the Investigation of Operations of Real Estate Developers in the FCT, Blessing Onu (APC, Benue) said this when members of the committee visited various sites in Abuja on Thursday. 7. Bandits, in the early hours of Thursday, stormed Daddarar villages in Jibia Local Government Area of Katsina State where they killed six people, including the village head. It was gathered that the criminals also abducted five other residents. 8. Seafarers and Project crew are currently missing as a result of an explosion that occurred onboard a Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) unit belonging to Shebah Exploration and Production Company Limited (SEPCOL) located in Escravos area of Delta State. 9. An Abeokuta Magistrates’ Court sitting at Isabo, Ogun State, on Thursday, ordered that four teenagers who allegedly murdered a 20-year-old girl, Sofiat Kehinde, be remanded in prison for two months. 10. The police have arrested 33 suspected criminals, including members of different kidnapping gangs terrorising motorists and travellers on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. Commissioner of Police, Ngozi Onadeko, who briefed journalists on Thursday, gave the names of some of the suspects as Aliu Umaru, Isiaka Ibrahim and Tambaya Usman.