The Inter-Party Advisory Council, IPAC, Enugu State, has urged the Enugu State Independent National Electoral Commission, ENSIEC, to ensure a level playing field for all the parties in the February 23 Local Government election. New Chairman of the IPAC in Enugu State, Hon. Edwin Alor gave the charge shortly after he was sworn-in to pilot the affairs of the body for the next two years. He was elected alongside Augustine Nnamani of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as the Deputy Chairman, Elvis Ugwuoke, the Secretary and Casmir Agbo, the Public Relations Officer, among others. The election was conducted by the national leadership of IPAC, under the supervision of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC. Alor said the local government remained a very important tier of government owing to its nearness to the people, stressing “competent people must be elected to man that every level of government. “I urge the people of Enugu State to come out en-masse and vote for candidates of their choice in the election. The level of apathy our people always show toward elections is not good at all, people should not sit in the comfort of their homes and make complaints from there. “ENSIEC on their part should ensure that the votes count. This is what will encourage more participation of the electorate in future elections.” He said IPAC under his leadership would endeavour to function effectively “in engaging the government of the day with veritable programmes for the development of the State. “The good news is for us to expect from henceforth, a more virile and viable IPAC that will contribute remarkably to a peaceful collaboration of all the political parties towards the advancement of good governance and democracy in the State.” He lauded Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for the good working relationship between his government and the IPAC in the State. The Chairman also showered praises on his predecessor, Barr. Ken Ike, who he said gave the IPAC a new face in the State by securing a secretariat and a Hummer bus. In his remarks after he handed over to the new leadership, the immediate past chairman, Barr. Ike urged them to channel energy towards deepening democracy and governance in the State. “As the new leadership of IPAC, they should not lose sight of the main duty of IPAC, which is the promotion of good governance,” he said.