The Archbishop, Metropolitan and Primate of Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion, Most Rev. Dr. Henry Ndukuba, has chastised political parties for their inability to provide governance to the citizens of the country. He stated this at the dedication service of the Ultra Modern Cathedral, Church of Emmanuel, Diocese of Ekiti, on Monday, in Ado-Ekiti. Most Rev. Ndukuba said that the level of decadence in the polity was responsible for the surge in corruption, poverty, insecurity and other ills in the society. However, he poured encomiums on the leaders of the South-West geopolitical zone for their leadership strides despite the challenges. The Anglican Primate went further to sue for peace ahead of the Ekiti gubernatorial election and the general elections in 2023, while calling on the youths not to engage in electoral malpractice. He said, ”it has been proven that no party, whether PDP, APC or SDP, name the party, has solutions to our problems. Corruption has continued to be endemic, insecurity has increased, poverty has increased, but in it all, we can still see rare hope. “The leadership provided by the Governor and the people of the South-West zone can’t be compared with other zones. South-West has demonstrated leadership in the time of challenges and so we commend them. “Let us pray for the forthcoming elections in Ekiti and the nation. Nigerians must change and we must take over the place. We will no longer allow those who do not love our people to take charge of our destiny. “We want to encourage our youths not to allow themselves to be used as thugs. These young men and women are the leaders of tomorrow that will participate in the political process, because it’s the decision of who will manage our resources and distribute it for the benefit of the common men.” Ndukuba, in his homily taken from 1 Kings 8:1-4, thanked God for what He is doing in Ekiti Diocese, and appreciated the congregation for their support towards the completion of the project. He said “the cathedral is one of the best in the country and moving out of that ancient cathedral is well commended. “As the Church is dedicated today, the Lord God Almighty will remember everyone and do them a great good in the land.” The glamorous occasion attracted dignitaries, including the Deputy Governor of Ekiti State, Otunba Bisi Egbyemi, the Archbishop, Ecclesiastical Province of Ondo and Diocesan Bishop of Ekiti, Most Rev. Chris Tayo Omotunde, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyemi Adejugbe, Ewi of Ado-Ekiti, Oba Adebayo Ajewole, Ajero of Ijer-Ekiti, other eminent traditional leaders, clergymen, among others.