The Niger Delta Congress (NDC) has accused the Federal Government of shunning the plight of South-South people. NDC in a statement on Friday, expressed outrage over the vessel explosion on Wednesday in Warri, Delta State. Trinity Spirit, a Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) vessel blew up at Ukpokiti terminal. The owners, Shebah Exploration and Production Company Ltd. (SEPCOL), confirmed the incident on Thursday. Ovunda Eni, NDC spokesperson, in the statement, noted that the region was again hit by a man-made disaster because the government failed. He said the FPSO “over two decades due for decommissioning or retirement exploded and sank, leading to the death of at least 10 persons on board.” The organization said there is a possibility that two million barrels of crude oil may leak into the environment. NDC recalled that the recent Nembe spill lasted for over 30 days between November and December 2021. There are fears that over one million barrels of oil spilled into communities after the incident. Eni told the public that the Niger Delta is not amongst the top five oil producing regions in the world, but is the most environmentally devastated. “This, we believe, is as a result of the disregard the Nigerian federation – which by law has expropriated the resources of the region – has for the region and its people. “The Nigerian government continues till date to see and treat the nationalities of the region as lesser humans, and its land as conquered territory. “By so doing, the Nigerian government thinks we are undeserving of our basic rights to life or a habitable environment, even as it continues to brutally exploit our land and resources.” The NDC told the world that South-South is pushed to the wall by the Nigerian federation at the detriment of lives and future generations. “God bears us witness that we have tolerated our slow and steady annihilation by the Nigerian federation and its local and international collaborators for too long. “For the umpteenth time, the Niger Delta is asking for justice; let it be on record”, the statement added.