The primary election to select the flagbearer of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming bye-electon for Jos North/Bassa Federal constituency has been won by Hon. Abbey Aku. Aku, a former Commissioner in the Governor Simon Lalong-led administration in the state, polled 809 votes to defeat Hon. Suleiman Kwande, who polled 74 votes. DAILY POST recalls that on Wednesday, the primary election had ended in a stalemate. A two-term member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Suleiman Kwande polled a total of 344 votes while Hon. Aku, a former Commissioner of Commerce in the state also scored 344 votes. Both candidates claimed to have won the primary election. Announcing the results in Bassa LGA, where the rerun primary election took place on Friday, which was ordered by the National Secretariat of the party, RT. Hon. Habu Ajiya, who was the Chairman of the Electoral Panel that conducted the polls, declared that, “Hon. Abbey Aku polled 809 votes to defeat Hon. Suleiman Kwande, who got 74 votes. Ajiya added that, “Five votes were discovered to be invalid, out of the total of 888 delegates accredited for the exercise.” He thanked the delegates for being peaceful and orderly during the exercise and urged them to work as a team to ensure that the party emergeS victorious during the secondary election. However, Hon. Kwande had earlier in a press statement said he was not aware of a rerun primary election, as he was never contacted. He said, “You recall that I contested for the APC bye-election primaries for Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency held on the 1st and 2n February, 2022 at Lamond hotel, Jos. According to him, “I am confident that I won the election overwhelmingly with 349 votes against 344 votes announced by the chairman of the electoral committee, Hon. Habu Ajiya. “Despite the cancellation of 4 of my votes, I Hon. Suleiman Yahaya-Kwande still won the election with N345 votes against my brother, Hon. Joseph Abby Aku, who scored 344 votes”, he maintained. “I wish to inform all members of our great party that I have written a petition to the National Secretary, Caretaker/Extraordinary Planning Committee (CECPC), Senator John James Apkanudoedehe, which we are in possession of the acknowledgement copy. “As a peaceful and law-abiding citizen of Plateau State, who has worked tirelessly for peaceful co-existence in the state and Nigeria, I will explore all internal dispute Resolution Mechanism within the party in addressing the issues,” he assured. “I am waiting for the next line of action from the Appeal Committee sent by the National Secretariat of our great party to listen to my petition with a view to getting justice. “I have also observed on social media through a press release signed by the State Publicity Secretary of the party, which directed all delegates that participated in the last primary election to converge at Bassa Local Government Area for a rerun primary election. “I wish to state clearly that as a frontline aspirant, who won the last election, nobody has informed me about the plan to hold any rerun primary election in Bassa Local Government Area,” he explained. “I appeal to members of our great party, the APC and our amiable delegates in Bassa and Jos North Local Government Areas to remain calm as we are waiting for the Appeal Panel to listen to our petition. admonished. “I sincerely appreciate the concern of members of the APC family and your overwhelming support. I assure you that, together, we will come out victorious,” Kwande stressed.