The Arewa Youth Consultative Forum (AYCF) has called on the National Assembly and the Department of State Services (DSS) to wade into the alleged plan by the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) to exclude officers recruited before 2009 from promotion. A statement signed by its National President, Alhaji Yerima Shettima, made available to DAILY POST on Sunday in Kaduna, said, “We call on the National Assembly to also step in, to ensure that this controversial and dangerously-selective policy does not see the light of the day. Meanwhile, in view of the importance of NCS to national security, we think the DSS too needs to be part of the process that will promote respect for the rule of law in rewarding personnel of the service in general and on the philosophy of first-among-equals.” According to AYCF, its attention was drawn that the management of the NCS is set to pursue a policy of exclusion in the promotion of its personnel, based on an illegitimate criterion. The forum stated that it gathered that the plan in the offing is to exclusively promote personnel who joined the service between 2009 and 2015. It explained that it is bad, saying that there are personnel who have been in service for the past 30 years. It noted that the action of the service is now predicated on the pedestrian argument that there has been no fresh recruitment between 1992 and 1994, up until 2009 when the administration of President Goodluck Jonathan lifted the embargo. AYCF explained that based on the authentic background information available to them, the gap created by the embargo is not the fault of the officers who gave all of their mental and physical energy in the service of the nation for over three decades. The forum said it finds it totally unacceptable of any policy that would allow the promotion of customs personnel through the backdoor. The statement said it expects that the philosophy of respect for the procedure, which President Muhammadu Buhari has been known for should be allowed to prevail in the circumstance. It lamented that the forum is disturbed that the NCS could even contemplate the selective promotion, describing it as an unprofessional method of promoting its personnel without recourse to the office of the Minister of Finance and National Planning or even the advice of either the office of Head of Service of the Federation or that of Secretary to the Government of the Federation.