The Police in Lagos State arrested Olamilekan Daniel, a National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) member, Thursday night. The detainee currently works as a software developer with a PR/Communications firm (name withheld) in the State. A police team picked the intern after complaining about his hairstyle, labelling him a ‘Yahoo boy’ (internet fraudster). Daniel was slapped, assaulted and taken to Araromi Police Station at Adamo in Ikorodu where he was asked to pay for his freedom. The personnel have been identified as CP Strike Team, Anti-Cultism and Anti-Kidnapping Unit (Ikorodu annex). A friend of Daniel, Patrick, recounted the ordeal to DAILY POST at the weekend, revealing that the victim is “very traumatized”. “Daniel is a corps member serving in Lagos, his family are based outside the State. He was forcefully taken from Adamo street in Ikorodu”, he said. “He and others were in a car looking for fuel and food when they were stopped. The police ordered all out, searched them and the car but found nothing. “One then shouted ‘This one na Yahoo boy, see him hair’. Daniel told them he had a legitimate job but they didn’t listen. He was beaten and his shirt torn. “They took him away and kept him in detention, was not allowed access to his family. At the police station, they demanded N150,000, later reduced it to N100,000 then N50,000. “Explaining that he didn’t have money to pay, the policemen mocked him and said he will remain there till Monday for refusing to cooperate. “After several calls by friends and colleagues to the authorities, Daniel was released. The Chief Officer at Araromi Police Station apologized and gave him N500 for transport. “Daniel mentioned that they were about 14 of them detained unlawfully as at 8pm on Friday. Their families don’t know they are there. “One was picked from a keke and, from what I heard, would be taken to Ikeja on Saturday. We don’t know what will become of those guys, they are helpless”, he narrated. DAILY POST received information that the Commissioner of Police, Abiodun Alabi, got furious after his attention was drawn to the incident. The source said an officer called the Strike Team to convey Alabi’s order for Daniel’s immediate release. The Command is expected to investigate the matter. Nigerians are being detained arbitrarily despite countless promises by the leadership of security agencies to curtail the illegality.