A 22-year-old-man, identified as Ifeanyi Ugwu, has been sentenced to three years imprisonment for vandalizing a property of the Enugu Electricity Distribution PLC (EEDC). He was arraigned at the Federal High Court, sitting in Awka, Anambra State, presided over by Hon. Justice H.A. Nganjiwa, for vandalizing a 300KVA transformer, located at Eziama Village, Ojoto, Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State. The presiding judge, who did not give the convict an option of fine, cautioned him to desist from committing such an offence after serving his jail term. Reacting to the judgement, the Head of Corporate Communications, EEDC, Mr. Emeka Ezeh, recounted that the vandal, a native of Nsukka, in Nsukka Local Government Area of Enugu State, was arraigned on a two-count charge, No. FHC/AWK/C/54/2021, and was subsequently remanded at the Federal Correctional Center, Awka, after the case was adjourned to the 3rd of February, 2022 for review of his plea for leniency. Ezeh commended the Judge for the speedy trial and hoped that this would serve as a deterrent to other elements engaging in such acts of sabotage. According to him, the activities of vandals had been a big challenge to the company as it continues to commit scarce resources to the replacement of vandalized equipment. He further stated that this equally has an impact on its customers who are inconvenienced as they will be out of supply till the vandalized transformer is repaired and supply restored. Ezeh recounted that last week, at Methodist Theological Institute (MTI), Umuahia, Abia State, a suspected vandal identified as Chinedu Ogbonna was arrested by the security men attached to the Institute while vandalizing Tower channels and aluminum cables belonging to the EEDC. “Three of his accomplices escaped. He was later handed over to Central Police Station, Umuahia, for further investigation and arrest of the other fleeing suspects. “Customers should be more vigilant and ensure that the electrical installations within their vicinity are not attacked by vandals”, Ezeh appealed. He further commended the efforts of the various vigilante groups, the Nigeria Police and the Civil Defense Corps, who he said had been supportive in apprehending and prosecuting the vandals.