The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnic (ASUP) Osun State Polytechnic, Iree, has issued a 7-day ultimatum to Osun Government to address the demands of the union. The union made the decision after its Congress at its secretariat, Iree, Boripe Local Government area of Osun State, on Wednesday. The union asked the state government to scale up Tertiary Institutions’ Salary Table to 100% just like it did for the health sector which was addressed in 2020. The Chairman of the Union, Dr Fatai Afolabi threatened that the union will embark on strike if the government failed to attend to the request presented by the Union. He said the Osun government is yet to pay five months’ cooperative bank loan deductions after many letters have been written to that effect. “There is May, June cooperative deduction banks loans and March, April and May 2020 making five months which had not been paid after many letters have been written to the government. “And there was an agreement between the labour union and government that one promotion would be cash backed by November last year and the government would start paying them starting from November last year. “There is no solution on sight, the Congress has decided to give the 7 days government ultimatum. Afolabi said their colleagues in Federal Polytechnics in other state-owned institutions were enjoying the 2019 salary scheme while Osun polytechnic lecturers are still agitating for full implementation of that of 2009. According to the chairman, “We want our promotion as at when due, we have discussed with the government that even if it’s not cash-backed that they should allow us to be getting our promotion. We don’t force them to pay immediately because we have a gentlemen agreement. “There are other things that have to do with the promotion because in academics if you don’t attain certain status you will not be given some responsibilities. “The retirement age cum length of service, the retirement age of academic staff in the polytechnic Act has been increased to 65 years irrespective of the length of service this was clearly stated in the Osun State 2014 law that has to do with academic staff. “Our demands are; Implementation of Full Salary Table for Tertiary Institutions.; 65 Years Retirement Age, Year 2019, 2020, and 2021 Promotion Exercise. “Payment of 29 Months Half-Salary Arrears and Monthly Deduction of May and June 2019, March, April and May 2020 Contributory Pension Scheme”, he added Recall that the 7 days ultimatum follows the 21-day notice to the Osun state government on 17th December 2021, which elapsed in January 2022.