Following the emergence of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Hon. Musa Agah Avia as the winner of the Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency bye-election in Plateau State, a former Governor of the state, Sen. Jonah Jang has described the result as a foretaste of what is to come in 2023. Jang, who is also a BoT member of the PDP, said the result reflects the mood of the citizenry of the state. DAILY POST recalls that Musa Agah Avia, who is the current member representing Irigwe/Rukuba Constituency in the Plateau State House of Assembly, polled a total of 40,343 votes to emerge the winner. He was closely followed by the Peoples Redemption Party’s candidate, Mohammed Adams Gwani, who polled 37,857 votes while the ruling All Progressives Congress candidate, Joseph Abbey Aku, who came a distant third, scored 26,111 votes. Jang, through his media consultant, Clinton Garuba, while reacting to the victory said, “The Jos North/Bassa Bye-election which held yesterday has been won by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The result not only reflects the mood of the people but is a foretaste of what to expect as the 2023 general elections are fast approaching. “We must congratulate and commend the constituents for conducting themselves in an orderly manner before, during and after the election.” According to him, “The results reflects their commitment and resilience to having good representation in the Federal House of Representatives. “Our party leadership at the National level, ably led by Senator Iyorchia Ayu deserve worthy commendation for their support and full backing in the course of the campaigns as well as during the elections proper. “The PDP NEC constituted a Campaign Council, graciously visited the State chapter of the party and attended the grand rally leading to the elections. “We must register our profound gratitude, particularly to the Governor of Rivers State, Barr. Nyesom Wike, and to the Governors of Benue and Bauchi, Dr. Samuel Ortom and Senator Bala A. Mohammed respectively, for their support and for physically being on-ground to monitor the elections. Your commitment has indeed yielded positive results.” While commending the electoral umpire, Jang said, “The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) conducted the election in a free, fair and credible manner, leaving no one in doubt as the results reflect the wishes of the electorate. “We commend them and urge the INEC to continue to live up to its name and be a truly independent umpire as we engage in the general elections in 2023. “The State EXCO of our party has shown leadership by ensuring that all the necessary measures were put in place to guarantee victory for our candidate. For this, the State EXCO also is commended. “However, the task ahead of you is enormous, you must not rest on your oars, but work closely with the national leadership of our great party to mobilise Nigerians to vote out this wicked party in the 2023 general elections. “This is a task that is possible and must be done, to guarantee a better life for our citizens and the generations unborn.” While congratulating the winner of the election, Jang said, “I congratulate Hon. Musa Agah on his victory, I am quick to remind that he must do all that is possible not to disappoint those that have against all odds voted for him”.