In anticipation of breakdown of law and order as the All Progressives Congress (APC) holds its gubernatorial primary election in Osun State, residents of Osogbo, the state capital have continued to stay indoors. DAILY POST reports that in most of the areas of Osogbo and Olorunda visited by our reporter, most residents were apprehensive and fearful with most roads deserted while economic activities stalled. On a visit to most of the wards in Osogbo Local Government, APC card-carrying members were seen doing their accreditation while voting was yet to commence. Also, in most strategic locations within the capital, security presence was heavy with personnel from the Nigerian Police, Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Osun Commands taking positions. DAILY POST further reports that party bigwigs were seen in most of the wards visited waiting to cast their votes after being accredited. The state capital remains calm without any report of violence, while commercial buses known as,” Korope “going about their normal businesses with vehicular movement. The former Deputy Speaker, Osun House of Assembly, Akintunde Adegboye, expressed optimism that the primary election would be smooth without any form of rancour. According to him, “The accreditation would be concluded while the election follows before the winner would emerge being a direct primary.” Adegboye called on members to remain calm and accept the outcome of the primary in good faith. Wasiu Adeolu, one of the card-carrying members of the APC who spoke with DAILY POST, said he believed the primary election would be free and fair. Adeolu hoped that a candidate would emerged at the end of the day as the governorship flagbearer comes July 16. He also appealed to all warring faction in the party to bury every hatchet for the success of the party in subsequent elections. Another party member, Abimbola Oludare, expressed optimism that the outcome of the primary election would would be acceptable to all sides vying for the governorship ticket. “I am confident that after the primary election, the party will be more united with a common front towards the July 16 gubernatorial election. “I also wants all faction to embrace peace because that is what is needed at this crucial period.”