Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Government of the Republic of Benin has extended the detention of Yoruba Nation activist, Sunday Adeyemo, aka Igboho, by six months. Counsel for the detained activist, Chief Yomi Aliyyu, said this in an interview on Sunday night. 2. Senegal defeated Egypt 4-2 on penalties to win the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. Senegal and Egypt went into extra time in Sunday’s AFCON final with the score 0-0 at the end of 90 minutes. 3. The family of slain Master’s student of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Timothy Adegoke, has hired human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN), to get justice for the family over the gruesome death of their son. In a letter dated February 3 and co-signed by the deceased’s father, Moses; the deceased’s brother, Olugbade; and the deceased’s wife, Victoria, the family insisted that the killers of Timothy must be brought to book. 4. National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the party’s presidential hopeful, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has returned to the country from his short trip to London. Tinubu Support Group (TSG) confirmed the return of the APC leader Sunday night on its Facebook Page. 5. Gunmen suspected to be bandits attacked the Okene Area Command of the Nigeria Police Force in Kogi State in the late hours of Sunday. The armed men, who were over 30, according to a statement by Kingsley Fanwo, Commissioner of Information in the State, bowed to superior fire power of security operatives. 6. Osun State Police Commissioner, Olawale Olokode, has warned politicians in the State not to drag the police command into bitter politics, saying the force is not an appendage of any political party. All Progressives Congress, APC, faction loyal to Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola had last Friday, called for the transfer of the CP on the ground of siding the Governor Adegboyega Oyetola’s faction of the party to deal with its members, as well as ignoring the group’s various petitions. 7. Kwara State Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has said that it never signed any agreement with the State government allowing the use of hijab in all the grant-aided schools in the State. The Christian body, which urged the State government to bring perpetrators of the latest hijab protest to book, also urged members in the State to remain calm, peaceful and be law abiding in the face of any provocation. 8. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, Sunday, told former Vice President Atiku Abubakar that Benue people are not happy with him because he abandoned them when they came under the siege of Fulani herdsmen. 9. Former Governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido, has said he is against the idea of zoning of political offices ahead of the 2023 general elections. Lamido, while speaking in an interview on Saturday, stated that the zoning of political offices has been counter-productive. 10. There is palpable fear in Agege, a Lagos suburb, following the mayhem unleashed on parts of the community by members of the Awawa cult gang. The gang, comprising under-aged boys, had emerged in Agege a few years ago, looting shops, robbing people of cash and valuables and generally visiting terror on residents.