The Nigeria Army has charged the 295 cadets of Short Service Course (SSC) 47 to uphold the symbol of loyalty as they are posted to their respective places of assignment. Major General Anthony Omozoje, Chief of Policy and Plans Nigerian Army, gave the charge during the dinner in honour of 295 cadets of short service officers from the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA), Kaduna. According to him, the academy has provided them with an adequate training that would enable them to discharge their duties effectively, as all eyes are on them to prove their worth to the service of their fatherland. He said as officers, they should be loyal to their superior and refrain from any form of criminality, adding that anyone found wanting will be shown the way out. “They must be loyal to the service, they must remain loyal to this nation. They should be committed to their assignment, that is what is required,” he said. He added that it’s only when they stay committed to their duties, they would get to the peak of their careers, adding that Nigerians await to see officers who demonstrate good character, defend the nation and work assiduously to ensure the protection of lives and property. He further informed them that in a few days, they will end a phase and begin another as transition from being cadets to commissioned officers of the Nigerian Army. Omozoje noted that officers are essential to the army organization to command, establish policy and manage resources while balancing risk and caring for the people and families, adding that they need a correct sense of responsibility, coupled with the right knowledge. He told them to submit to civil requirements for leadership development that will enable them to contribute to the development and effectiveness of the Nigerian Army in accomplishing tasks in support of the Armed Forces of Nigeria and the constitution. “Hence, you must be leaders who are physically and mentally fit, highly motivated and disciplined, willing to share in the hardship, danger and inspire your men to follow you even into the darkest of places,” he said.