Fourteen political parties will be slugging it out against one another for 62 councilorship and six chairmanship seats as the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Area Council election holds Saturday. The Executive Director, Centre for Transparency Advocacy (CTA), Faith Nwadishi while addressing a press conference on Friday in Abuja said the FCT election should be taken seriously just like any other election because its failure or success counts towards the credibility of the IndependentNational Electoral Commission (INEC). She said no fewer than 55 chairmanship candidates and 363 councillorship candidates will be contesting on Saturday as 1.4 million registered voters in the FCT elect new council executives. Nwadishi stressed that the FCT Election is conducted by the IndependentNational Electoral Commission (INEC). She noted that pre-election observation indicated that there is better coordination amongst the security personnel and the police as the leader of all security teams have assured of adequate security and coordination across the polling units. Nwadishi also commended the Election Management Body for its preparedness and readiness to conduct the election, saying the distribution of sensitive and non-sensitive materials have been smooth as observed at the FCT INEC office The Executive Director said, “The FCT elections will hold in polling units throughout the six Area Councils to fill empty seats in 68 constituencies, including six chairmanships and 62 councillorships. “In the FCT’s 68 constituencies, 55 candidates are vying for the role of Chairman, while 363 candidates are vying for the position of Councillors. The number of registered voters in the FCT are 1,373,492, while the number of polling units are 2,822, including the newly created 2,260. “However, INEC has stated that no materials or officials would be deployed to 593 of the newly established polling units because no voters have yet been registered in those areas. “With the harmonization of the amendments to the Electoral Act by the National Assembly, the Centre for Transparency Advocacy urges President Mohammadu Buhari to sign the bill into law. This will remove most encumbrances towards the 2023 General Elections” she said.