Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Presidential aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Senator Bola Tinubu, Sunday, said he was ready to get dirty in order to secure the presidential seat come 2023. He said this during his consultation with the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi and the Olubadan-designate, Oba Lekan Balogun. 2. The Federal Government, on Sunday, sympathized with Nigerians over the unforeseen hardship occasioned by scarcity of fuel and called for patience in finding lasting solutions to the problem. Chief Timipre Sylva, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, made the appeal on Sunday in a statement by his Senior Adviser (Media & Communications), Horatius Egua. 3. There are indications that the Trade Union Congress (TUC) may soon direct its members to boycott work if the challenge of fuel scarcity across the country persists for the next few days. Those the TUC intend to pass the directive across in the coming days are workers in statutory corporations and government-owned institutions. 4. An officer of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Ebonyi State Command, was shot dead at the weekend. The incident happened when the deceased, alongside his colleagues, were on duty along the busy Enugu-Abakiliki highway. 5. A former Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai (Rtd), has distanced himself from the campaign posters flying around showing he is in preparation for the 2023 Presidential race. Buratai, Nigeria’s Ambassador to the Republic of Benin, explained that he never indicated interest, discussed with or directed anyone on such matters. 6. Bandits, who kidnapped nine persons, including a serving councillor of Yar Tsakuwa in Rabah local government area of Sokoto State, have demanded a ransom of N60 million. A resident, Nazifi Abdullahi, said the bandits called the families of the abductees. 7. The NDLEA, on Sunday, said its operatives have intercepted a consignment sent from Lagos to Abuja at the Abaji area of the Federal Capital Territory. Femi Babafemi, Director, Media & Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja, in a statement on Sunday, said the operatives also foiled an attempt by a syndicate to steal at least N2.7 billion from the Nigerian economy by pushing into circulation fake $4.7 million cash. 8. The Registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, has said the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System as the payment platform for university employees is unsuitable for the Nigerian university system. 9. The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control, NAFDAC, weekend, in Lagos, intercepted large quantities of dangerous animal hides and skins, popularly known as Ponmo. It arrested seven persons involved in the importation of the deadly product. 10. Bandits have attacked Yar Tsakuwa village, in Rabah Local Government Area of Sokoto State, kidnapping nine persons, including the serving councillor of the area, Lawali Bello. Two wives and a daughter of the former councillor of the area, Alhaji Abdullahi Garba, were among those abducted.