Poland goalkeeper, Wojciech Szczesny, has called on FIFA and UEFA to take action and hold Russia to account after the invasion of Ukraine. Szczesny, who disclosed this in a post via his Instagram account on Saturday, said Russian President Vladimir Putin has declared war on Ukraine and also on the values Europe stands for. DAILY POST reports that this is coming less than two days after the Poland national football team refused to participate in their 2022 World Cup qualifying clash against Russia in Moscow next month. While UEFA have banned Russian teams from hosting games in their competitions, FIFA is yet to take a clear position. In an emotional statement on his Instagram page, Szczesny, whose wife was born in Ukraine, said: “My wife was born in Ukraine, there is Ukrainian blood running through the veins of my son, part of our family is still in Ukraine, a lot of my workers are Ukrainian and they’re all great people,’ wrote Szczesny. “Seeing the suffering on their faces and fear for their country makes me realise I can’t stand still and pretend that nothing has happened. “The moment Putin decided to invade Ukraine he declared war not only on Ukraine but also on all the values Europe stands for. Liberty, Independence but most of all Peace. “On 26th of March we were supposed to play against Russia in a play-off match for 2022 World Cup in Qatar. “And although my heart breaks while writing this, my conscience will not let me play. “Representing your country is the biggest honour in a footballers’ career but it’s still a choice. I refuse to play against players who choose to represent the values and principles of Russia! “I refuse to stand on the pitch, wearing the colours of my country and listen to the national anthem of Russia! “I refuse to take part in a sporting event that legitimises the actions of the Russian government. “I know my impact may only be symbolic but I call on FIFA and UEFA to take action and hold Russian federation accountable for their actions.”