A coalition of Akwa Ibom youth groups have called on Governor, Udom Emmanuel to give chance to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP to fulfil its mandate of fielding a flag bearer rather than usurping the duty singlehandedly. This is one of the criticisms the governor has faced in recent times at the heels of pronouncing the Commissioner for Lands and Water Resources as his successor. The youths in a joint press conference on Monday by the Speaker of the South-South Youth Assembly (SSYA), Victor Thompson and the leader, Youth Democratic Movement (YDM), wondered why the governor would hide under the guise of ‘hearing from God’ to impose a successor on over 6 million indigenes of the state. They asked how Pastor Umo Eno who has never been associated with nor interested in the political process in the state, will suddenly become interested in the race and be appointed without consideration for others who have paid their dues to nurse the administration until now. The youth insisted that Akwa Ibom people need fresh, vibrant, purposeful and forthright leadership and not a continuum of the present administration. The text in parts, “It is no longer news that the Akwa Ibom State Governor, Mr. Udom Gabriel Emmanuel has come up with a deceptive vision that God revealed a successor to him and has singlehandedly anointed and purportedly appointed his successor in the person of Pastor Umo Eno. “It is very surprising that the governor is the only person in the state of over 6 million that can hear from God. The governor on the other hand has done a great disservice to the good and sensibility of over 6 million Akwa Ibom persons by singlehandedly trying to impose liability on Akwa Ibom political space for yet to be disclosed reasons. “It is only political parties and not individuals that have the right to field a candidate, therefore, the governor should respect that and allow the party to do its job. Enough with impunity and politics of imposition. Let every Akwa Ibom person decide who leads them.”