Two persons, Samuel Faremi and Emmanuel Adeyemi, abducted on Wednesday by unknown gunmen in Obbo-Ayegunle town, Ekiti Local Government Area of Kwara State, have been rescued. The police report indicated that they were abducted at about 20:15 hours by suspected armed kidnappers who stormed the town, shooting sporadically into the air. The two victims who were rescued unhurt, hail from Ilawe Compound in Obbo-Ayegunle town. A statement by the Kwara State Police Command spokesman, Okasanmi Ajayi, in Ilorin on Thursday praised the good people of Obbo Ayegunle, “for the speed at which information was extended to the Command that eventually helped in the successful rescue unhurt of one Samuel Faremi ‘M’ and one Emmanuel Adeyemi’M’ both of Ilawe compound, Obbo-Ayegunle.” He disclosed that “the speedy intervention of the police tactical teams stationed in Ekiti/Eruku axis, the local vigilante and hunters eventually prevented the murderous venture of the kidnappers.” According to the spokesman, “The hot chase and the firepower of the police teams forced the abductors to abandon their victims, which enabled them to escape into the forest with gunshot injuries.” The state Commissioner of Police, Tuesday Assayomo, has advised medical practitioners in the state to promptly alert the police of any patient(s) seeking medical attention on suspected gunshot injuries in their medical facility. The rescued victims have been medically examined, found to be fit and released to their families. The police commissioner also advised members of the public to be vigilant at all times and report any suspected or strange movements in and around their environments to the police through the following telephone lines; 08126275046// 07032069501. The spokesman revealed that six expended AK-47 ammunition and one expended cartridge were recovered at the scene. Efforts are ongoing to get the kidnappers arrested for prosecution, while the police in the state would not relent in making the state free of crimes of whatever nomenclature, he added.