The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has blasted the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for postponing its scheduled 26th February national convention. Debo Ologunagba, the PDP spokesman, in a statement explained that the continued inability of the APC to conduct a routine national convention has further explained why all sectors of the country’s national life have been in the shambolic state under what it called “the incompetent, corrupt, rudderless and overtly confused APC administration”. The statement noted that the postponement of the APC national convention has further validated PDP’s stance that the APC is not a political party but a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) of strange bedfellows, political buccaneers and ferocious power mongers on a mission to wreck our nation. It opined that the APC, which cannot conduct its own internal affairs, could not be expected to successfully manage the affairs of a nation like Nigeria. The statement titled, “PDP Mocks APC For Postponing Its National Convention Again… Says Ruling Party Plagued By Cabal War, Ineligible To Contest 2023 General Elections”, stated, “The APC is a perfect example of failure both as a party and government unable to conduct a simple national convention in two years. It has become a Russian Roulette with the unending request for extension of time to undertake a routine statutory political activity.” PDP said that it is not surprising that the APC, a party of what it described as “backstabbers”, again postponed its National Convention already scheduled for February 26, 2022, saying that it is rather saddening how a set of confused, greedy, deceitful, hard-heartened and self-centred individuals who cannot run a creditable organisation foisted themselves in power and plunged our nation into the economic, security and social mess that the country faced today. It explained that as a vacuous political contraption without a soul, peopled by “political warlords” without conscience and operating without rules, saying that the APC is a bunch of inchoate sailors clobbered together for remote personal gain; operating without a Board of Trustees (BoT) and a National Working Committee (NWC); exists in violation of rules while constituting itself to a threat to the national unity and corporate existence as a nation. According to the statement, APC’s postponement had always been a fallout of the horrible infighting, backbiting and gang war by “political bandits” who are desperate for power and access to our national treasury, stressing that that explains why their congresses and other activities are always marred by violence, bloodletting and killings. It opined that the APC is not capable of holding a National Convention having become defunct since December 8, 2020, when it dissolved all its states, zonal and national party structures and set up an illegal contrivance called the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee led by Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State. It noted that the activities of the Mai Mala Buni Committee remain invalid and unconstitutional by virtue of Section 183 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended) which bars a sitting governor from holding “any other executive office” in any capacity whatsoever while serving as a state governor. It added that the failure of the APC to hold a National Convention is, therefore, a clear warning to those aspiring for various positions in the 2023 election on its platform to note that with the APC, stressing that they are on a journey to nowhere. The statement observed that the only way the APC can legitimately participate in the 2023 general is to re-apply to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for fresh registration as a political party. It said that Nigerians are hopeful for a better future because the PDP is back and repositioned to Rescue and Rebuild the nation from the stranglehold of the APC in 2023. The party stated that Nigerians are yearning for the return of good governance with the PDP so that they can again be secure, enjoy economic prosperity, infrastructural development, employment, food security and national cohesion which they experienced in the 16 years of the PDP in power.