The Conference of Nigeria Political Parties (CNPP) on Thursday called on Nigerians to sustain the current pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration to get him to sign the re-amended Electoral Act as transmitted. The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, had disclosed on Tuesday during an interview on Sunrise Daily that the president will sign the bill any moment from now. But in a statement signed by CNPP Secretary-General, Chief Willy Ezugwu, he said there were two major reasons the All Progressives Congress (APC) led administration is not willing to sign the re-amended Electoral Act. He said the electronic transmission of election results was the reason the bill was returned to the National Assembly, not about the mode of election at party primaries as was reported. He also stated that another reason the APC and their allies are now putting pressure on President Buhari not to sign the Electoral Act as re-amended is that, the APC finds Clause 84 in the amendment unfavourable to the party. According to Clause 84 of the transmitted bill, “No political appointee at any level shall be a voting delegate or be voted for at the convention or congress of any political party for the purpose of the nomination of candidates for any election”. According to him, the implication is that all political appointees in President Buhari’s government would no longer be eligible, either as voting delegates or aspirants during the conventions or congresses of their political parties. The group said, it was shocked that the APC has always stood against sanity, equity and anything that would promote a credible electoral process since coming into power, even though the party came to power through electoral reforms by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in 2015. It said the PDP introduced technology into the electoral process that increased the credibility of the election, which paved the way for APC to come to power. “How come that APC is against Clause 84? Are they going to remain in power forever? “Even the PDP desired to be in power for as long as 60 years, but in response to the demands of the people, card readers and other technological devices were introduced to enhance the credibility of elections,” the statement said.