Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC, has kicked against the decision of Taraba State governor, Darius Dickson Ishaku, to appoint only Christians as principal officers of the Taraba State University (TSU). The Islamic rights group also questioned the governor’s alleged lopsided appointments of permanent secretaries which, which according to them, favoured Christians only. MURIC, in a statement by its director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, challenged the governor to explain his decision to such actions. The group explained that the Taraba Muslim Council had recently disclosed that Muslims who applied the positions scored highest marks in the interview. The vacant positions were for the Vice chancellor, registrar and bursar of TSU, and MURIC said it was surprised that the Christian applicants who, according to them, scored less, were given the exalted positions. “This is highly disgusting, extremely repugnant and outrageously scandalous. Governor Darius Dickson Ishaku is sacrificing excellence on the altar of mediocrity,” the group said. The group said that Governor Ishaku has set a dangerous precedent by appointing allegedly less qualified Christian and dropping an eminently qualified Muslim, describing the action of the governor as the height of articulated religiousity. “The public wants to know the circumstances surrounding the appointments of Christians only as key officers of the university,” MURIC said, adding that the governor must put his cards on the table for all to see. MURIC said that the government has not been to provided any answer as to how Prof Sunday Bako, Mr Joseph Bibinu and Mr Abraham Bagu emerge as vice chancellor, registrar and bursar respectively. “Can the Taraba state governor explain why Engr. Mohammed Yusuf Bose was sidelined and two of his juniors in rank, Samuel Lauya and Godfrey Dame were appointed permanent secretaries? “Is there also any explanation for appointing a Christian who is junior to Abdulkadir Nagari, Hashimu Hammawa and Dr. Shehu Kara?”