Governor Umar Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has said he and his predecessor, Dr Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso are behind the rebuilding of Kano, which has become a source of admiration. Ganduje said he has never been so distressed in his political career before the appeal court judgement that confirmed Abdullahi Abbas as the substantive Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. Recall that shortly after the state’s APC congress, where Abbas emerged as the winner, a faction, led by Senator Ibrahim Shekarau, emerged and held a parallel congress, which produced Ahmadu Zago as their state party Chairman. The leadership crisis took both factions up to the Appeal Court, where the Ganduje faction floored Shekarau’s side. Speaking at an APC Stakeholders meeting with Chairman and Secretary of the party in all the 44 Local Government areas, held yesterday at the Government House, Ganduje said he had never been distressed before the Appeal Court ruling. He, however, said the judgement had given him a huge relief, assuring that he would keep that aside and continue moving APC and Kano forward. Ganduje stated that the APC in the state would come up with new rules, aimed at strengthening the party in a bid to win all elective positions come 2023. He assured the party members of improving their welfare, expressing gratitude to President Muhammadu Buhari and Interim National Leadership of APC, led by Mai Mala Buni, for their huge role in resolving the crises rocking the party in Kano. He called on the Shekarau faction to sheathe their swords and join hands with the APC leadership to move the party forward. “You can’t separate democracy from crises in developing countries, especially a state like Kano. But, the APC crisis in Kano is a fight between siblings that must be reconciled. “Therefore, I call on the other faction to sheathe their swords to join the train to take APC and Kano to the promised land,” said Ganduje. “This is not time to sleep and not the time to relax in the struggle to strengthen and move APC forward. “This will not also stop us from continuing with discharging our constitutional duty of executing developmental projects for the people of Kano,” he said. Earlier, the state’s APC Chairman, Abdullahi Abbas called on the Shekarau faction to sheath their swords and join hands to move the party and the state forward.