The African Democratic Congress (ADC) 2023 presidential candidate, Dumebi Kachikwu, has urged Nigerians to get rid of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Kachikwu, who gave the charge Tuesday while addressing a press conference tagged State of the Nigerian Nation in Abuja, said under President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration, Nigeria has witnessed unprecedented calamity second only to the Nigeria civil war. According to him, the streets of Nigeria flow with the blood of the innocent. The ADC presidential candidate berated the APC-led Federal Government’s inability to sanction National Security Adviser (NSA) Minister and other appointees for the killings and terrorist attacks. Kachikwu, who cautioned that silence in the face of tyranny is not an option, urged Nigerians to rise up and speak up. He said, “An emasculated parliament is not an option. A weakened judiciary is not an option. Abandoning Nigeria for other countries is also not an option. “Today, we must reset. Today we must chart a new course. Today we must choose to fight for Nigeria. Today we must fight for ourselves. Let us look within us and find the courage to start again. We must take our country back from these evil men. We must resist all invaders. “We must defend our lands, our cities, our country, block by block. This is our patriotic duty. No longer will we let religion, tribe and tongue divide us. Those who have destroyed our country are from all tribes, tongues and religions so we must not be deceived. They are in the minority. We are in the majority. We have suffered and endured for too long and we must endure for a little while longer. “They will induce you. They will make promises. They will say they have changed. They will threaten you. They will beat you. They will incarcerate you. Whatever they do to you just endure because in a little while, in a short time, in the near future, our small voices, our small actions, our small protests, our small plans, our small groups will become a mighty rescue mission to save our nation. We must take a stand for Nigeria today. It is the right thing to do. “Join this rescue mission and let’s start changing Nigeria one person at a time, one street at a time, one city at a time and one state at a time. We will rescue Nigeria. It is our goal, it is our destiny, it is our mission. Remember, the rescue starts with you. I love you all.”