The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG), has blamed the challenges bedevilling Northern Nigeria on Governors, lawmakers and other leaders from the region. Dr. Nastura Ashir Sherif, the Chairman, Board of Trustees of CNG, while delivering a lecture in Katsina at a one-day sensitisation lecture on permanent voter’s cards (PVCs) registration with the theme ‘Get Your PVC to Rescue and Rebuild Nigeria’, lamented how Nigerian governors hijack and mismanage the local government allocation from the Federal Government, leaving those at the grassroot to suffer untold hardship. He further bemoaned the inability of the electorate to elect the right people into the State House of Assembly, saying that it was responsible for why Governors pave the way for their stooge and those who do not know what is required of the position to pose as lawmakers in order to have their selfish interests done. The chairman noted that the time had come for the electorates to vote credible and competent leaders of their choice instead of political parties. According to him, “I could recall sometime back while discussing with one of the Northern Governors at his residence, the Speaker of the State House of Assembly walked in and went on his kneels to greet the Governor and thereafter sat on the floor before the Governor. It’s obvious that such a Speaker was brought to answer ‘yes sir’ to the Governor’s whims and caprices.” He opined that it was the fault of the electorates because they did not stand to ensure that they elected the right people into the State Assembly that would defend and protect their rights and make laws that would make the people to prosper. He alleged that some of those representing the people only go to the State and National Assembly offices when they need to sign and collect money, lamenting that they cannot contribute meaningfully to the discussion going on there. With the right people elected into the State and National Assembly, he assured that there’s no way the Governor or the President would dare toy with the needs of the masses. Nastura identified insecurity and hardship being experience in the country since 2015 as responsible for why people were reluctant to go out and register for their PVCs, expressing optimism that with the current enlightenment by the Coalition of Northern Groups, people will come out and register. He urged Nigerians to shun selling their votes, saying that “as far as we collect money from politicians and vote”, they will never get the good leaders they want.