The Kwara State House of Assembly, has confirmed five Commissioner nominees forwarded to the legislative arm by Governor Abdulrahman AbdulRazaq. They are Dr Afeez Abolore Alabi, (Ilorin East), Afolabi Oshatimehin Adenike, (Ifelodun), Wahab Femi Agbaje, (Offa), Ibrahim Akaje, (Ilorin West) and Gidado Lateef Alakawa, (Asa). The nominees were screened accordingly, considered at the committee of whole and confirmed as Commissioners of the state executive council. The Speaker of the House, Engr. Yakubu Danladi-Salihu, has directed the Clerk to the House to communicate the confirmation to the state governor immediately after the proceedings of the day. The House also in another resolution aimed at strengthening security in the state, urged the state governor to direct all the 16 local governments in the state to reinvigorate and empower local vigilante groups to provide security surveillance within their local government areas. The House further urged the governor to give necessary support to the state Commissioner of Police towards the deployment of the recently recruited constabulary police for surveillance, intelligence and other policing services in line with the original objectives of the scheme. The legislature further urged traditional rulers in the state to assist the government to checkmate the incursion of strangers into their domains through sensitisation of the local population on the need for prompt reports on strange movements. The motion on the Need to Reinvigorate And Empower Local Vigilante Groups for Effective Policing of the Hinterland in Kwara State, was moved by Hon. Abdullahi Halidu Danbaba (Kaiama/Kemanji/ Wajibe), and seconded by Hon. Aliyu Wahab Opakunle (Afon). Danbaba, informed that he was conscious that in recognition of security matter as a collective responsibility, the Kwara State government has always assisted security agencies in the state with vehicles and equipment while the local governments on their part engaged local vigilante personnel from among natives to tighten up security architecture in the hinterland where the conventional police is either inadequate or absent or as a compliment for the police. He equally observed that in recent times, the impact of vigilante groups are no longer felt with satisfaction in the places where they are supposed to provide security services.