Less than 24 hours to the Osun State governorship election, gun-wielding men were sighted at some sites in Osogbo, the state capital. Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba had deployed four Assistant Inspectors-General of Police, four Commissioners of Police, 15 Deputy Commissioners of Police, and 30 Assistant Commissioners of Police for adequate security. The Inspector-General of Police, also on Tuesday during stakeholders meeting in Osogbo disclosed that 21,000 police personnel will be deployed for the election. On Thursday, at a mega rally of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osogbo, some thugs were sighted at the venue wielding dangerous weapons in the presence of security operatives. This is after the gubernatorial candidate of the party, Senator Ademola Adeleke addressed the crowd at the party secretariat, the venue of the mega rally. Also in a different location in Osogbo on Thursday, some men with guns were spotted at Estate, behind Reflex bar. Nearly two weeks ago, DAILY POST reported that thug violence is possible to seize the peace of electoral activities. An election observer group had observed that activities of cultists and hoodlums are gradually becoming a recurrence in the Osun pre-election environment. “Reports of activities of cultists and hoodlums are gradually becoming a recurrence in the Osun pre-election environment ahead of the election,” it said. The group, Yiaga Africa also in Osogbo earlier on Thursday at a press conference said between July 6 and July 13, it observed intra-cult clashes by the groups affiliated with the PDP in Gbemu Area/Isale Osun. “The intra-cult clashes are a result of the power tussle by the various cult groups within the party. Yiaga Africa also received a report that these cult groups are assembling small arms and light weapons ahead of the election. “In Ilesa East and Ilesa West LGAs the cult group known as Afiri Enibaa Boys have been demanding pay-outs from the APC & PDP and threatening to disrupt the conduct of the elections in these LGAs.”