A former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has called for the sack of the Chief of Army Staff, COAS, Lt. Gen. Farouk Yahaya and all the military high command over the spade of insecurity in the country. Fani-Kayode made the call while urging President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to do more to protect Nigerians. He was reacting to reports that the Department of State Services, DSS, warned the military about the attacks on Kaduna train and Kuje prison by terrorists, but nothing was done. In a series of tweets, the All Progressives Congress, APC, chieftain wondered if the Nigerian Military High Command was incompetent or weak. According to Fani-Kayode: “A situation whereby the DSS not only WARNED the military about the Kaduna train attack & kidnapping but ALSO the Kuje prison break well BEFORE they both took place & the military REFUSED to act to prevent or resist either of them gives cause for alarm & raises many questions. “The DSS, NIA & NPF are doing their job & they have lost so many men in the course of this conflict. “Our young soldiers & junior officers who are fighting in the killing fields are doing their best too but why are our SENIOR OFFICERS & MILITARY COMMANDERS so INCOMPETENT & WEAK? Is there not more to this than meets the eye? “It is increasingly difficult to comprehend the glaring incompetence & lack of patriotism, professionalism, diligence & courage of the leadership of the Nigerian Armed Forces. “Is this the same military that once proudly led ECOMOG to victory in the West African sub-region? “Is this the same military that once gave the Chadians & Libyans a bloody nose? “Is this the same military that once faced down the Cameronians & French in the Bakassi Peninsukrs? “Is this the same military that once kept us safe & protected us from enemies within & without? “Is this the same military that was once led by Murtala Mohammed, Benjamin Adekunle, Olusegun Obasanjo, T.Y. Danjuma, Sani Abacha and Ibrahim Babangida. “Is this the same military that was once regarded as the most powerful & effective fighting force in sub-saharan Africa? “Is this the same military that politicians and our people once spoke of with respect & in whispered tones. How are the mighty fallen! “Who will defend us from these foreign barbarians and invaders now? “Who will stand against the terrorists that have plagued our land & that slaughter our people like sallah rams & Xmas turkeys? This is no longer about party politics. This is now about saving the lives of our people who are being butchered & terrorised in a most horrendous way. “The entire military high command & the COAS have to go & the FG has to do far more to protect our people. We owe them that much. To criticise our own where we have gone wrong, though rare & unfashionable, is an act of patriotism & not one of rebellion. Nigeria must come FIRST!”