The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has concluded review of the national framework to protect the right of Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, in the country to enable them participate in all electoral processes including the right to vote during the forthcoming 2023 general elections. The Resident Electoral Commissioner in Niger State, Professor Sam Egwu, made this disclosure in Minna. Prof. Egwu explained that the IDPs voting framework has been finalised at a meeting in Abuja, adding that the commission had spent the last one year reviewing the national framework for them. He noted, “Finalizing the document means we recognized from the headquarters the right of citizens in displaced communities to vote. “And in Niger State, we have created a common ground with the state emergency management agency in identifying the locations of the IDP camps, which we have provided to the Headquarters of the Commission. “With the dynamism of banditry and insurgency in the state, the commission has continued to track and review the number of IDP camps in the state.” The state Resident Electoral Commissioner also stated that the commission had already identified the IDPs who had lost their Permanent Voters Cards, PVCs, so as to document them and prepare for reprinting as well as registering new voters. “Despite the condition of the IDPs in Niger State, they were enthusiastic in participating in electoral processes including the ongoing Continuous Voter Registration. The thing about the displacement and the right of citizens in IDP camps to vote is a right that nobody can breach. In the United Nations conventions and the Kampala convention of the African Union, it’s compulsory for citizens, even in their displaced camps to vote, because being an IDP does not diminish their citizenship,” Prof. Egwu stated. He added that in 2021, the Federal Government signed the National policy for IDP voting, adding that INEC has no choice but to do every preparation to make it possible for them to vote.