The African Democratic Congress (ADC) South East Zone has berated governors of the five states in the South East region over the security situation in the zone which has resulted in an increasing state of insecurity and militarization in the region. ADC stated this in a release jointly signed by the National Vice Chairman ADC South East, Chilos Godsent and Agumadu Frank, Zonal Secretary made available to DAILY POST on Sunday in Owerri, Imo State capital. The party said it is no longer news to everyone that governance in the five states in the South East is in a state of comatose and complete collapse. ADC said the five states in South East Zone cannot boast of any infrastructural development, nor can they boast of economic prosperity. ”Since the 1999 democratic experiments, governance in the five states of South-East has been dominated by political mediocre characterized by leadership ineptitude and treacherous tendencies”, the statement said. On the forthcoming 2023 general elections, ADC South East Zone passed a Vote of No Confidence on the Governors of the five states and called on the masses to intensify mobilization for the forthcoming Ballot Revolution’ to change the regime of who they described as reactionary and inept political leadership. The release read, “The stock in trade of these political mediocre and rascals is to shamelessly loot the treasury of the state entrusted to them to a near state of bankruptcy. Thus, the aforementioned ruling class has consciously enforced the regime of poverty and impunity on the masses of the South East who have for many years now, been politically inactive. “This leadership ineptitude and sheer corruption by the South East ruling class has drastically increased the militant agitation for self-determination by the youths of the zone which has driven the region into a hopeless state of insecurity, wanton killings etc. “The African Democratic Congress (ADC) South East Zone hereby condemns in its totality the increasing state of insecurity and militarization in the region characterized by banditry, kidnapping, ritual killings and other forms of criminalities currently ravaging the South East region because of the collapse of governance and leadership. “This has no doubt set the region backwards in terms of investments and indices of economic growth and development.” ADC further called on the various State Governments of the South East Region and the Federal Government of Nigeria to immediately review the security architecture towards demilitarization of the region and increased intelligence gathering. According to the party “We note that African Democratic Congress is the fastest growing political party in South-East Nigerian since after the shameless celebration of corruption and sheer impunity by the All Progressive Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) during their last National Convention. ” We wish to use this opportunity to appeal to the National Working Committee (NWC) of our great party, the African Democratic Congress (ADC), to reject the letter of resignation from Prof Kingsley Moghalu – one of the top Presidential Aspirant at the Abeokuta Convention 2022 as a step towards recompilation. “We, therefore, use this medium to appeal to Prof Kingsley Moghalu and all other aggrieved Presidential aspirants who have left the party or planning to leave the party to review their decision and come back to the ADC Family and continue their mobilization to Rescue Nigeria from the present state of hopelessness.”