A woman, Opeyemi Ibikunle, has explained to the police in Ogun State, why she arranged for men in military uniform to kidnap a pastor in Abeokuta, the State capital. DAILY POST learnt that the pastor, Mapai Samuel of ZOE Family International Church, Odo Eran, Abeokuta, was forcefully abducted by two men in military uniform on the directive of Opeyemi. The fake soldiers and the woman were said to have invaded the church at about 8 pm while the pastor was preaching and dragged him away to an unknown destination. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, however, said the command, in the early hour of Thursday arrested Opeyemi and one other man identified as Kadiri Jamiu, in connection with the forceful abduction of the pastor. Their arrest, Oyeyemi said, followed a distress call received by policemen at Aregbe divisional headquarters in Abeokuta. Oyeyemi disclosed that a few hours after taking away the pastor, the invaders had called to demand a certain amount of money as ransom for his release. But, the DPO of the Aregbe division, CSP Ikechukwu Gabriel, reportedly detailed his detectives and quickly embarked on a technical and intelligence-based investigation. “They discovered that the suspects were hiding somewhere around Adigbe area of Abeokuta,” he said. The police Spokesman maintained that CSP Gabriel, his men and those of Adigbe division stormed the hideout to rescue the pastor and arrest two of the suspects, saying the two men in military camouflage escaped. “On interrogation, the woman amongst them claimed to have been in a business relationship with the pastor, and that the Pastor cheated her in the course of the business which made her contact the three men to kidnap the Pastor to teach him a lesson,” Oyeyemi quoted Opeyemi as saying. Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, Lanre Bankole, has ordered the transfer of the suspects to the Anti-kidnapping unit of the State CIID, directing that other members of the gang be hunted for and brought to book.