The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Tinubu has given the reason he chose Senator Kashim Shettima as his running mate. Tinubu, in a statement he personally signed on Sunday, said although he’s concerned about Muslim-Muslim ticket, he made his decision because he believes Shettima, a fellow Muslim will bring the best governance to all Nigerian regardless of their religion, ethnicity or region. According to the APC candidate, Senator Shettima’s career in politics shows that he’s eminently qualified not only to deliver that all important electoral victory, but, also, step into the shoes of the Vice President. Making reference to 1993, Tinubu urged Nigerians to place competence in governance above religious sentiment just as they embraced Chief MKO Abiola and a fellow Muslim running mate, Baba Gana Kingibe. Part of the statement read: “I’m mindful of the energetic discourse concerning the possible religion of my running mate. “Today, I announce my selection with pride because I have made it not based on religion or to please one community or the other. I made this choice because I believe this is the man who can help me bring the best governance to all Nigerians, period, regardless of their religious affiliation or considerations of ethnicity or region. “To those who will be disappointed in my selection based on religious considerations. I’ll not and cannot ignore the religious concerns and ethnic sensitivities of our people. Taking them into due consideration is an important part of good and able governance but religion, ethnicity and region cannot always and fully determine our path. “To forge ahead as a nation toward development and prosperity, we must break free of old binds. We must recalibrate our political calculations to where competence and fairness matter more than reductive demographics. “This is why, today, I announce the selection of Senator Kashim Shettima as my partner and running mate in the mission to advance and reclaim the fortunes of this great country and the hopes of its people.