Ahead of next year’s general election, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged youths and women to get their Permanent Voters Card (PVC) to vote out the All Progressives Congress (APC) PDP Acting National Chairman, Umar Damagu who made the call, Monday, when he addressed journalists in Abuja alleged that the APC-led federal government is plotting to rig the 2023 election. Damagu also disclosed that the party’s National Campaign and sensitization will hold in Abuja on Tuesday. PDP acting National Chairman lamented that most youths are idle because the APC has failed to create job opportunities. He appealed to youths and women to come out en masse, get registered, collect their PVC and vote out APC. He said “go out there and sensitize people, let them come out en masse. All these ASUU strikes that we see, unemployment, banditry and what have you are all due to bad governance. How do you change bad governance, it is up to you, to use your votes and act now. “You have to go out there, get people informed, let them come out and get their PVC so that we vote out this senseless government that has no direction. “If you look at them, they don’t even have the mind to initiate this kind of thing. What they are thinking about is that come 2023, they will come and buy you off and continue to labour you, leave you at home, close down your schools and allow you to enter banditry. It is up to you now to go out there and get your PVC”. In her remarks, PDP National Woman Leader, Prof Stella Effah-Attoe assured the electorate that their votes will count. She urged them to ignore those who dissuade people from voting under the pretext that votes will not count. She said “Your Votes will Count! Don’t listen to anyone who tells you that your votes will not count. Today, we have the Electronic Transmission of Elections Results signed into law. All your Votes will surely Count. Your PVC is your power to determine your future and the destinies of your family members. Take it seriously and use it wisely. No one should use his own hands to destroy himself. “No one needs a soothsayer to tell us that bad leadership is responsible for the life-threatening challenges we have in Nigeria today”. She cautioned that if the electorate failed to turn out, they have thrown away their constitutional power to decide their future destinies.