Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has unveiled Senator Kashim Shettima, a former governor of Borno State, as his running mate for the 2023 general election. Tinubu made this known in an interactive session with reporters during a visit to President Muhammadu Buhari in Daura, Katsina State on Sunday. 2. Gunmen have reportedly invaded the First Baptist Church, Nekede in Imo State and abducted the wife of Imo State Zoo General Manager, Mrs. Bola Abioye. It was gathered that the gunmen, who operated on a Sienna Ash-coloured-tinted glass, were dressed in police vests. 3. An 11-year-old boy was on Sunday kidnapped by a syndicate, comprising an elderly man, and another middle-aged man who was described as a tricycle rider. One Ogazi Ejesieme, who disclosed the news, said the victim was taken from Annunciation Catholic Church, Awka, where the boy had attended mass. 4. Professional healthcare providers, under the auspices Medical and Health Workers’ Union of Nigeria (MHWUN) have berated the federal government for its failure to address the demands raised by unions within the university system. In a statement, the union said the FG ignored the demands raised by university unions, while the political actors are busy aspiring to occupy leadership positions. 5. Ademola Adeleke, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, governorship candidate in Osun State, has said he will bring back community policing to solve the insecurity in his State if elected governor. Adeleke said this during the Osun State governorship debate on Sunday. 6. Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has commended the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, for picking Kashim Shettima as his running mate. Zulum said Tinubu made the wisest choice by picking Shettima as his running mate. 7. A building of eleven rooms was gutted by fire on Sunday at Omu-Aran in Irepodun Local Government Area of Kwara State. It was gathered that Properties worth N4.9m were destroyed, while N23.9m properties were saved in the fire incident. 8. Reports have emerged that about eight hundred million naira was paid to the terrorists holding captives seized from the AK9 train service attacked on the Abuja–Kaduna route before the additional seven victims were released on Saturday. Some families of the victims and other sources knowledgeable of the deal stated this yesterday. 9. Some filling stations in Lagos, Abuja, Niger and other States dispensed Premium Motor Spirit at between N200/litre to N250/litre on Sunday, higher than the government-approved retail price of N165/litre, as queues for the product extended to more States. 10. Terrorists are demanding a N100m ransom for each of the 43 abducted Kaduna train passengers, who are still in their custody. The demand was communicated to the families of the hostages last week.