Two members of the Ogun State House of Assembly, Yusuf Adejojo and Solomon Osho, have pressed charges against two candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for failing to resign their appointments in Governor Dapo Abiodun’s cabinet. The candidates, Dorego Oluwatobi Aaron and Adebiyi Adeleye, were dragged before the Federal High Court sitting in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. The duo of Aaron and Adeleye had participated in the APC primary elections held in Ogun in May. While Aaron, a Senior Special Assistant to Abiodun on Housing, won the ticket of Abeokuta South State Constituency 1; Adeleye, the Special Adviser on Political Affairs, clinched the ticket of Remote North State Constituency In separate suits, the incumbent lawmakers representing the two constituencies, accused the APC candidates of breaching the Electoral Act, which requires them to resign their appointments before contesting party primaries. Joined in the suits were the APC National Working Committee, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and the APC, Ogun State chapter, as 2nd, 3rd and 4th respondents. Adejojo, in a suit marked FHC/AB/CS/99/2022, asked the court to set aside the primary election held on May 26, in order to determine the 1st defendant’s candidacy. Also, in a suit marked FHC/AB/CS/98/2022, Osho argued that, Adeleye, “having not resigned his appointment as Special Adviser on Political Affairs to Ogun State Governor, is not qualified to contest the Ogun State House of Assembly election in view of Section 84 (12) of the electoral Act 2022 and the recent Judgment of the Supreme Court on the Section.” Osho prayed the court to “set aside the purported nomination of Mr Adebiyi Adeleye as the candidate of the APC for failure to comply with primary guidelines and constitution of the APC and the constitution of APC and the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” The cases were mentioned on Monday before Justice O. O. Oguntoyinbo, as counsel to the 1st and 4th respondents, Wale Abeeb-Ajayi, told the court that preliminary objections had been filed against the suits. The case has since been adjourned till July 28 for the hearing of the preliminary objections. Counsel to the plaintiffs, Razak Okesiji told newsmen outside the court that the candidates, “whose names have been allegedly submitted to INEC did not resign their appointments and were handpicked.”