Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Presidential Candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has dismissed reports making the rounds that the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, met with him in France. A statement by his media office issued on his behalf said the supposed meeting with Wike in France is fake news. 2. An Appeal Court in Lagos State has sentenced Peter Nwaoboshi, an All Progressives Congress (APC) Senator from Delta State, to seven years imprisonment for money laundering. The court also ordered the lawmaker’s two companies – Golden Touch Construction Project Ltd and Suiming Electrical Ltd – to be wound up. 3. A Federal High Court sitting in Kano presided over by Justice Abdullahi Muhammad Liman has restrained Kano State Government from borrowing N10 billion for the installation of CCTV cameras. The plaintiff, Kano First Forum (KFF), filed a motion exparte dated June 27, sworn to by the Director-General of the Association, Dr Yusuf Isyaka-Rabiu. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has described Thursday’s attack on Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State as a direct assault on Nigeria. The President, in a statement issued Friday by his spokesman, Garba Shehu, said the attackers would not go unpunished. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked Lisbon city in Portugal for assisting Nigerians who are victims of the Russia-Ukraine war. The Nigerian leader met with Fernando Medina, Mayor of Lisbon and City Council Members on Friday. 6. Former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Peter Orubebe has officially joined the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. He said he is in the APC to deliver all the five candidates, especially three candidates in the Burutu Local Government Area of Delta in the forthcoming election. 7. The presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress for the 2023 election, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, may in the next few days name either Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State or his predecessor, Senator Kashim Shettima, as his running mate, investigations has revealed. 8. Former presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress, Dr Nicholas Felix, has raised the alarm that the party’s standard-bearer, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has shut him out of his campaign ahead of the 2023 general election. The youngest APC aspirant’s outburst came three weeks after the convention held at Eagle Square in Abuja. 9. There was panic in the Ebenebe community, Awka North Local Government Area of Anambra State yesterday as hoodlums suspected to be cultists invaded the palace of the traditional ruler, Igwe Christopher Nnaegbune and his subjects, where they destroyed properties. 10. A three-storey building under construction has reportedly collapsed in the Mushin area of Lagos. However, nobody was reported trapped when the building went down at about 6.30pm.