With barely 24 hours to the governorship election in Osun State, the major political parties have intensified their campaigns, deploying both legal and illegal antics in an attempt to win the race to Bola Ige Government House, Osogbo, the state capital. The political and security atmosphere has remained tensely unpredictable with security agencies describing every Local Government Area as a potential flashpoint. The Osun election is however beyond the contest for the office of the governor as the political parties compete in a last-ditch effort to gain a strong impetus going into the crucial 2023 general elections. Part of what constitutes this climate is alignment and realignment as part of an effort by political parties and candidates to gain political favour going into the election and with the 2023 polls in calculations. The pre-election environment has also been characterised by vote-trading between electorates and political parties. Vote trading is the practice of voting in the manner another person wishes on a bill, position on a more general issue, or favoured candidate in exchange for money or gift. This is a matter of trading in a market, there must be a buyer and seller before the chain can be complete with the consent of both parties while rational sellers go for the highest bidder. Some political gladiators from the major political parties participating in the Saturday election while speaking with this medium accused the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the leading opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) of vote trading. But DAILY POST understands that only the political parties cannot succeed in the act without the cooperation of the electorates. The scramble for vote trading On June 30, exactly 16 days to the Osun gubernatorial election, a complainant told police that he went to the Independent National Electoral Council (INEC) office located at Atakumosa West Local Government Area, Osu, Osun State to collect his Permanent Voter Card but could not find it. He consequently, according to a statement by the Police spokesperson in the state, SP Yemisi Opalola, demanded the register and discovered that a 29-year-old corps member attached to the INEC office as ad-hoc staff in charge of voter’s card distribution had collected his PVC on the order of one Wale Ojo and Ijamakinwa Olaoluwa now at large, both members of PDP for financial transaction. Upon receipt of the complaint, police detectives immediately swung into action and arrested the principal suspect along with the INEC supervisor to the alleged corps member, Mrs Makanjuola Bilahu, 58, and one Mr. Oluwatobi Ogini, 32, to investigate the level of their involvement. Also, an electorate in Egbedore Local Government Area, who prefers to remain anonymous, said he went to the INEC office to get his PVC but did not find it there. “To my surprise, PDP called me and asked me to come and collect my PVC.” INEC was accused of being compromised Meanwhile, an election monitoring organization, Yiaga Africa said it received reports of voter inducement by political parties in four local government areas in Osun. “Yiaga Africa has been observing the Osun Pre-Election Environment since April 2022. Yiaga Africa’s WTV specifically trained and deployed 32 Long-term observers (LTO) to the 30 LGAs to observe the pre-election environment until July 14, 2022. “Additionally, WTV LTO reported the distribution of gifts in the form of food items by the APC and PDP supporters around the Odo-Otin local government. The distribution of bread and garri during the PDP campaign as well as the distribution of beans during an APC campaign rally. Both incidents took place in Ekosin-Inisa in the LGA of Odo-Otin,” it said. A political scientist, Taoheed Olabanjo said the development in Osun is endangering democracy. “This is a matter of trading in a market, there must be a buyer and seller before the chain can be complete without the consent of buyer and seller while rational sellers go for the highest bidder. “So, we do not vote for the best candidate or ask for their campaign promises while on the other hand, political parties are determined to spend to get votes. So the highest buyer wins the election,” he said. Reaction Yiaga Africa said it is concerned that voter inducement may undermine the legitimacy of electoral outcomes and create an unequal playing field for candidates and parties. According to the group, voter inducement remains a recurring feature throughout Yiaga Africa’s WTV pre-election observation reporting from April to July 2022. Voter inducement was reported by the Long Term Observers in Egbedore, Iwo, Orolu, Ifedayo, Irepodun, and Ede North LGAs. Specifically, food items and livestock were distributed to people as a campaign strategy employed by political parties. The group told INEC to build citizens’ confidence and gain the trust of Nigerians ahead of the 2023 general elections. “Thus, it is crucial that the logistics of the election and the technology employed by INEC function optimally. While INEC has expressed confidence in the state of its preparedness.” Yiaga Africa urged the commission not to overestimate its capacity nor underestimate potential challenges that could undermine the election.