Following the worsening security crisis in the country, some stakeholders have insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari should immediately resign as Nigerian leader. DAILY POST reports that terrorists and bloodthirsty bandits have been on rampage across the country, causing irreparable havoc. The insecurity ravaging the nation, on Tuesday, June 5 took a frightening dimension with separate attacks on different government establishments and officials, including those working with President Muhammadu Buhari. President Buhari’s convoy was attacked by suspected bandits in Katsina State on Tuesday. According to reports, at least two officials were seriously injured in the attack. Recall also that the country’s medium correctional custodial centre was attacked on Tuesday night when suspected members of the Boko Haram and Islamic State’s West Africa Province (ISWAP) invaded the facility and freed at least 800 inmates. Same day, about two police officers were killed in Katsina State where the presidential convoy was attacked. Another senior police officer, an Assistant Commissioner of Police was also murdered in a separate attack. The development triggered Nigerians, particularly social media users to call for immediate suspension of all preliminary campaigns and other activities regarding the forthcoming general elections. They expressed pessimism that the election would not hold, citing the level of criminal activities going on across the nation. But speaking with DAILY POST, the National Coordinator of the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, Emmanuel Onwubiko said the election must hold if the president fails to resign. According to him, “Buhari does not need to be told to resign when he is so incompetent. The right thing he should do is to resign because he has nothing to offer, and he has never had solutions to problems right from the beginning of his administration. “Nobody should bring up the issue that there should not be elections because there is violence. There were killings and terrorist attacks when INEC conducted election that brought in Buhari. “That will only give the president the opportunity to extend his tenure. Whether there is war or not, there must be election. Buhari must go.” Similarly, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, who spoke to our correspondent from Benue State on condition of anonymity, asked the president to accept the call for his resignation and quit like the United Kingdom Prime Minister, Boris Johnson. He said, “African leaders will always want to die in power. Nigerians have been calling for the resignation of President Buhari, yet he remains in Aso Rock doing nothing. Is that one a leader? “Look at what happened in the UK, Boris Johnson has resigned because he was asked to. What is wrong with Buhari? Why does he want to die in power when he has nothing to offer”? DAILY POST recalls that Boris Johnson resigned his office on Thursday, ending an unprecedented political crisis over his future that has paralyzed Britain’s government. Johnson had rebuffed calls by his Cabinet to step down in the wake of ethics scandals. He gave in after more than 40 ministers quit his government and told him to go. Also speaking with DAILY POST, President General of the Coalition of Southern and Middle Belt Youth Leaders Assembly, COSMBYLA, Goodluck Ibem, said the president must be shown the exit door. He said, “There is no room for failure and any failure must be shown the exit door. The time is now. “Nigerians should not be calling for the suspension of campaign activities, rather they should he calling for the immediate resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari over his inability as the commander-in-chief of the armed forces to provide security for Nigerians, which is the first responsibility of any government to her citizens. “The call to suspend campaigns because of insecurity is purely a third term request for President Muhammadu Buhari. “So those calling for the suspension of the campaigns want to extend the tenure of the President after 2023, but their evil plot is dead on arrival”.