The Commandant, National Institute for Security Studies (NISS), Ayodele Adeleke, has warned that the global climate change issues could be the cause of challenges such as drought, loss of farmland, desert encroachment, food insecurity and migration in Nigeria. The NISS boss made the assertion on Thursday, during a workshop on Global Climate Challenges, its Prospects and Priorities for Economic Development and Conflict Resolution in Africa. Explaining that Climate Change effects on human lives remain an issue of global concern, which can never be overemphasized, Adeleke expressed hope that brainstorming on the attendant issues will provide relevant perspectives to support mitigation approaches. He maintained that the loss of farmlands, desert encroachment, food insecurity, and the drying up of the lake Chad basin are all issues encouraging insecurity in the country. “We are all aware of the Global Climate Change and its attendant effects on human lives: loss of farmland; desert encroachment; food insecurity; drought; migration; farmers-herders clash et cetera”, the institute’s boss said. Referring to the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) and the Conference of Parties on the Environment, COP 21 -26, Adeleke emphasised how mitigating climate change effects can ultimately improve other areas of human existence. He said the workshop was designed as an avenue to bring in experts and footsoldiers in the same space to further the discussion on climate change. The NISS helmsman explained that the meeting will deliberate on issues such as how climate change has affected the environment and its inhabitants and how the conflicts associated with it can be tackled. “The United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) also known as the Earth Summit of 1992, United Nations Climate Change Conference 2015 – COP 21 (Paris Agreement), United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), 2021 – COP 26 (Glasgow– Scotland) and other coalitions highlighted how different social, economic and environmental factors are interdependent and evolve together and how success in one sector requires action in other sectors to be sustained over time. “The presentations and discussions of today will create an avenue to dissect both sides of the Climate Challenge, the Pros and Cons. “How has it affected the Environment and the inhabitants negatively and can it, in any way impact positively on our Economy? What are the conflicts associated with Climate Challenge and how have they been or can be resolved? What further impact is the Russia and Ukraine war having on the theme?” He asked. He explained that the annual seminar is one of the highlights of the Executive Intelligence Management Course, which is why the Institute places an utmost premium on selecting its components. He said the lectures have always provided a useful forum to exchange expertise and knowledge on issues confronting the nation and the entire globe. At the workshop, the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar (UNICAL), Prof. Florence Obi, Prof. Kayode Oyesiku, Prof. Ebele Amali, as well as Prof. Patricia Donli all presented papers to deepen and dissect issues on climate change as it affects Nigeria.