Former Minister of Interior, Lt. Gen. Abdulrahman Bello Dambazau (rtd), has urged security agencies to work together in tackling insecurity in the country rather than working independently without sharing ideas. He added that when the physical security and the intelligence security personnel collaborate, security challenges would be tackled to a great extent. Dambazaustated this in Uyo on Tuesday in his remarks as the session Chairman during ‘Executive Leadership Course in the History and Future of Nigeria,’ organised by the Historical Society of Nigeria and the Peace Building Development Consultants. The retired military chief also blamed the protracted security challenges in Nigeria on lack of political will even as he urged stakeholders in the security sector to restrategize to be able to arrive at a workable security blueprint for the country. According to him, “There is a need for a collaborative approach to tackle security challenges in Nigeria. I would love us to take a comprehensive approach, where every stakeholder in the nation’s security sector is partnering with the other to solve our security challenges, rather than operating in silo. A situation where the physical security and the intelligence security personnel would work as a team. “There are certain steps to take for instance some of the deep rooted issues are socio-economic and I think addressing those issues would go a long way to reduce incidences of criminal violence in the country.” Also, the Akwa Ibom State Governor, Mr Udom Emmanuel represented by his deputy, Moses Ekpo, challenged Nigeria to emulate the American example in walking through her racial tension to emerge a model of freedom, advancements and growth. He said, “I believe Nigeria has a lot to learn from the American example. We are a deeply heterogeneous society, defined by religious and tribal fault lines. Rather than walking through our differences as America did, unfortunately, we have enlarged the fault lines and adopted a largely, zero-sum game approach in solving our national problems. “From our unfortunate fratricidal war of 1967-70, to the current insecurity in the land, the deepening of the chords of ethnicity and religious differences, to flagrant inequality that exists in our nation, I think, we as leaders have a lot more work to do, in closing the gap or chasm of division.” Speaking on expectations from the four day executive course, the President, Historical Society of Nigeria, Prof Okpeh Okpeh Jnr said the executive course seeks to interrogate the causes, courses and consequences of separatist agitation in Nigeria; and assess military interruption in Nigeria’s democratic travail.