The Acting Chief Judge of Kogi State, Hon. Justice Josiah Majebi, has inaugurated the Council of Judges for the High Court of Justice. He, however, lamented the poor financial situation of the High Court in the state. The Acting Chief Judge during the inauguration, announced the creation of the Directorate of Training and Establishment after he met with all the Judges of the lower courts in the state comprising the Magistrates and Judges of the Area Courts. While acknowledging that adequate remuneration for Judges and staff of the court was important, he lamented the poor financial position of the High Court, hinting that he inherited a huge debt burden owed to corporate organisations and individual lenders and met nothing in the coffers of the High Court. Indicating, however, that he intends to run a collective administration with his brother Judges, he said the functions of the Council of Judges were already well spelt out. He said Judges at the headquarters would be performing supervisory roles over the directorates. He said decisions taken by the Council would be at the expense of any personal or individual interests or sentiments but only in the best interest of both staff and the institution he added. He disclosed that strengthening the institution to withstand the test of time was what the Council had resolved. The Acting CJ informed of the resolve of his administration to emplace transparency, accountability, dedication, commitment and professionalism that would be couched on collective engagements for the progress and sustenance of an enduring institution. He said the overall objective was to dispense justice effectively without fear or favour within the ambit of the constitution and the laws of Kogi State and Nigeria under a very conducive environment. He said the financial status of the organization would be periodically made public while there would be regular meetings with staff through the Judges to evaluate progress made. “This administration will lay the foundation for collective participation as the involvement of Judges in the council will arrest the issue of policy somersault that we have witnessed recently against the backdrop of the changes in the leadership of the Judiciary. “This has inclined to the whims and caprices of those leaders. So contrary to following and adhering to the rules and regulations singularly pronounced by the Chief Judge, the council will be taking far reaching decisions as it has done today. “We will ensure discipline, ethical compliance, transparency and fairness in our dealings without favour or compromise. The era of lobbying should be jettisoned as that would not be tolerated any more,” he said.