All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu is considering Senator Kashim Shettima and Governor Babagana Zulum as his running mate. The party’s convention took place in Abuja, the capital of Nigeria, nearly a month ago but the vice-presidential candidate remains unconfirmed. Tinubu already submitted Kabiru Masari’s name to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). But it is almost certain that Masari is a placeholder as consultations on who actually gets the position are continuing. INEC recently explained how political parties can substitute a candidate nominated for the 2023 election . “If the nominated candidate dies; or if the nominated candidate withdraws from the race”, said Information and Voter Education Commissioner, Festus Okoye. On Sunday, a source close to party leaders told DAILY POST that former Borno Governor Shettima and Zulum are among the top on the list of favourites. Shettima, the lawmaker representing Borno Central Senatorial District, has been the most vocal Northerner for Tinubu’s in recent months. Zulum, who served as his Commissioner for Reconstruction, Rehabilitation and Resettlement, succeeded him in 2015.
“Shettima and Zulum are being highly considered at the moment. Governors (Nasir) El-Rufai and (Abdullahi) Ganduje have been dropped”, the source added. The Kaduna governor is accused of not doing enough to curtail the recurring killings in Southern Kaduna with critics wondering what he’ll do differently. Insiders earlier told DAILY POST that some APC chieftains that are Christians, as well as the Christian community, are not favorably disposed to El-Rufai. For Ganduje, his image is not entirely admirable due to the video of him receiving an alleged bribe, in dollar bills, from contractors. Jaafar Jaafar, the journalist who published the video fled to Britain with his family. They were granted asylum by the United Kingdom government. On the other hand, Ganduje has received accolades for ensuring peace in Kano, a largely ethno-religious state. As Nigerians wait to see who will emerge as the VP flagbearer, the APC continues to face opposition to a Muslim-Muslim ticket. The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), the Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria (CSN), among others have voiced their rejection in strong terms.