The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has boasted that the Osun State is up for grabs in the 16th July governorship election. PDP acting National Chairman, Umar Damagun stated this Wednesday when they received the report of the Osun State reconciliation committee at the party’s headquarters in Abuja. “We are sure of victory. We are just waiting for the 16th and it is part of your contribution, in terms of this reconciliation, he said. He urged the committee to hit the ground running and unravel the issues affecting the party in Lagos State. He explained that “because even Lagos too, apart from the fact we don’t have an election there now, we have ample time to go to Lagos and make sure that what you did in Osun, you do the same there”. In his remarks, PDP National Secretary, Samuel Anyanwu also described Osun State as a hanging fruit for the party. He stated “Osun State is low-hanging fruit for PDP. And no matter any manipulation from the APC, this time around, we won last time and we are going to win again by the special Grace of God. Anyanwu expressed hope that if the party can win Osun and Lagos, they have started making an inroad into the South West. PDP National Secretary continued “Nigerians have rejected APC. I don’t see the magic they will do in this election. By the special Grace of God, Nigerians have rejected their vote-buying. “Because their strength lies in buying of votes. What happened in Anambra last year, will again in other states, where people will reject their money and reject their party”. Earlier in his remarks, the Chairman of the Osun and Lagos reconciliation committee, Eyitayo Jegede also expressed confidence that from their findings, Osun is up for grabs. He explained that the committee considered Osun first because of the forthcoming governorship election. Jegede said “we concentrated for now on Osun because of the election that is coming by the grace of God on the 16th of this month. “And we are quite hopeful with what we have seen, that PDP will win because we were there”. He said they interacted with contending factions that are there and stressed that working together will guarantee PDP’s victory. Jegede also revealed that they were able to bring the parties together and harmonise all positions. The Chairman of the reconciliation committee hinted that an interim report comprising minutes of meetings, terms of reference, approach and recommendations were made for the party’s consideration.