The candidate of Labour Party, LP, in Igbo-Eze South/Nsukka Federal Constituency, Enugu State, Chidi Obetta, has stated that the insecurity, disunity and other economic problems in the country is caused by bad leadership. Obetta said he has no doubt that with the current yearning for good leadership as being championed by Nigerian youths, Nigeria can still be restored. The youthful politician stated this on Sunday, shortly after emerging as LP candidate in Nsukka. He lamented the ravaging insecurity, economic downturn, poverty and disunity in the country. He said: “It is such yearnings that made me join Labour Party, so that I can join forces with the youths in the current revolutionary movement to recover the government for the people of this country. “The insecurity, disunity you find in Nigeria today are all products of bad leadership. “I want to assure you that you will not regret believing in me by the massive votes you cast to nominate as your candidate in our federal constituency in the coming 2023 general election.” He expressed optimism that the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi will win next year’s presidential election, while assuring that the people will vote massively for LP. He charged the delegates and other members of the party to brace up to the challenges of mobilising eligible voters in the area to go and obtain their Permanent Voters Cards, PVC, and, sensitising them to vote for Labour Party. Secretary of the LP Electoral Committee, Ephraim Ugwu said the party is committed to fielding the best candidates for every elective position, starting from the president, down to the least position. The Returning Officer for the primary election, Mr. Malachy Onyechi, declared Obetta winner of the primary election having scored all the 36 votes cast by the 36 delegates cutting across the two local governments that make up the federal constituency, which include, Igbo-Eze South and Nsukka local governments. The LP primary election was monitored by an official of the Independent National Electoral Commission, Mr. Dustan Eke.