The Rivers State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) said former Senator, Magnus Abe worked against the party. The Publicity Secretary, Chris Finebone stated this in a press conference on Wednesday. He accused Abe of conniving with Governor Nyseom Wike to truncate the electoral chances of the APC in 2019. Finebone spoke in reaction to the resignation of Abe and a number of his followers The spokesman said the individuals acted “in every way to destroy the APC in Rivers” in recent years. Finebone alleged that they “connived endlessly” with Wike and “used some elements in the state judiciary” to frustrate the party via litigations. “The culmination of their evil machinations was the exclusion of Rivers APC from the ballot in 2019. “Evidence exists how Senator Abe and his lieutenants broke into celebration the day the Party was excluded by the court.” Finebone said after the 2019 loss, Abe continued to receive support from outside the state and persisted in undermining Rivers APC. He further alleged that Abe and supporters attacked and damaged the then Rivers APC Secretariat at Forces Avenue, Old GRA, Port Harcourt. “Recently, they also hired hoodlums and attempted to destroy the present secretariat of the party.” “Senator Abe and the few persons still with him had concluded plans to join the Social Democratic Party (SDP) on whose platform Abe will run for governor.” This, according to Finebone, was why his close associates started resigning and proclaiming their APC exit on social media. The spokesman noted that part of their exit plan was to act as though they have been functional members “just to hoodwink the public”. “Rivers APC considers the formal exit of Abe and his associates from the APC as good riddance. We liken it to a successful excision of a debilitating cancer from the body.” The platform said it can now heave a sigh of relief “from the sustained destabilizing onslaught by Senator Abe” and wished him well “as he joins the SDP”. The statement declared that Abe and others had, by their actions and utterances, long ceased to be functional members of APC. “They shunned and refused to participate in the Membership Revalidation exercise that was carried out nationwide”, it added.