Non-profit photography empowerment initiative, ProjectX, has wrapped up its 6-day exhibition and empowerment event held at Radisson Blu, Ikeja, Lagos, from 20th till 25th June 2022. Featuring a series of insightful discussions, workshops, and industry-focused panel sessions, the was an incredible opportunity for leading Nigerian photographers, Aham Ibeleme (Aham Ibeleme Photography), Emmanuel Oyeleke (EOP studios), and Yagazie Eguare (Gazmadu Studios) to commemorate a decade’s worth of artistic excellence and impact in the photography industry. Established, as well as up-and-coming photographers, who attended the ProjectX event, were provided with valuable knowledge and insights needed to thrive in the current climate.  As the keynote speaker during the opening ceremony, Isaac Emokpae shared on the value of service excellence and importance of tenacity in building a sustainable photography and creative business in today’s economic landscape. On charting the path to career success in photography, he highlighted identifying a creative niche and specialising in a well-defined field of execution as crucial. Legendary photographers, Kelechi Amadi-Obi, Jokotade Shonowo (Poshclick), Hakeem Salaam (HSP images), and creative entrepreneur, Onye Ubanatu, were at the forefront of a remarkable panel session that delivered profound gems on ’Scaling and Sustainability as a Photographer’. Doyen of Nigerian photography, Don Barber gave an enthralling account of his journey to photography and positioning himself as a professional creating value for his clients during the fireside chat.  During the exclusive workshop sessions for photographers and creatives, Aham gave attendees an exposition on his shooting techniques through a session titled, “How I shot it”. Emmanuel explored conceptualisation and perfect execution in his session on “How I see it,” and Yagazie taught on “The Art of Making Connections.” As an added bonus, attendees won multiple gifts each day of the event, which included a canon camera and Aham’s bestselling book “How I shot it”. Participants were given the rare privilege of attending an exhibition of a specially curated body of work throughout the six days of the event. They also had the opportunity to network with peers, apply for one-on-one mentorship sessions and pitch their photography business ideas for possible funding. The ProjectX week-long event proved to be a creative and artistic feast for the next generation of photographers who are looking to upskill through structured training, mentorship, and exceptional experiences. The nation’s photography industry has a lot to benefit from landmark training and exhibitions like the ProjectX Empowerment initiative, that not only directs the current photography terrain but also shapes its evolution as a distinct, modern art form.