Gunmen have allegedly abducted another person from the Surulere local government area of Oyo State, DAILY POST can report Reports said a man identified as Baba Rasheed, who owns and operates a private clinic, Titilade hospital located at Gbede in Surulere local government area was kidnapped around 9pm on Friday. Sources said the man was abducted along the Ogbomoso-Ilorin road and that the matter has been reported at the Igbon Police Divisional headquarters, which has jurisdiction over Gbede. One of the sources who spoke with DAILY POST Saturday morning said the man was kidnapped yesterday. The source said, “The doctor is Dr. Rasheed. I only know the first name. Dr. Rasheed of Titilade hospital”. The Chairman, Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Oyo State, Dr. Ayotunde Fasunla, when contacted for reactions on the matter, condemned the abduction. Fasunla who informed that the kidnapped victim is not a medical doctor revealed that he only operates a private medical facility at the boundary between Oyo and Kwara States. He said, “Thank you once again. Preliminary and reliable information at my disposal revealed that the said individual is popularly known as Baba Rasheed. “He is not a Medical Doctor but a quack who operates a private facility in Gbede (boundary between Oyo and Kwara State) with high patronage from unsuspecting citizens in the area. “Information also has it that he was picked up from his facility last night. NMA Oyo condemns the kidnapping and prays for his quick and safe release. Amen”. Public Relations Officer of the state police command, Adewale Osifeso, when contacted, said an investigation is already in progress, “Investigation is in progress, please”. DAILY POST learnt that the abduction of Baba Rasheed is coming less than one week after gunmen kidnapped a supervisor on the farm of a former governor of the state, late Adebayo Alao-Akala. The farm supervisor identified as Christopher Bakare was abducted last Saturday at Jabata in the same local government area.