Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. An Air Force fighter jet targeting terrorists in Safana Local Government Area of ​​Katsina State has accidentally bombed villagers. According to reports, the incident happened where the Assistant Commissioner of Police, ACP, Aminu Umar was murdered by bandits, on Tuesday. 2. Gunmen have invaded the residence of Reverend Daniel Umaru of the EYN Church Njairi, Mubi Local Government Area of Adamawa State, killing his sons and abducting his 13-year-old daughter. 3. Following the Kuje jailbreak, the United States Embassy in Nigeria has warned its citizens in Nigeria against going to some places in Abuja. Similarly, the United Kingdom also warned its citizens to be cautious of travelling to nineteen (19) States in Nigeria. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed disappointment with the Intelligence system, following the terrorists’ attack on Medium Security Custodial Centre, Kuje. After inspecting the attack scene on Wednesday, the president said, “I am disappointed with the intelligence system. How can terrorists organise, have weapons, attack a security installation and get away with it?” 5. The Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) has claimed responsibility for the attack on Kuje Prison in Abuja. In a footage on Wednesday night, the terrorist sect showed some of its men shooting their way into the facility. 6. The Peoples Democratic Party has accused the ruling All Progressives Congress of complicity in the Tuesday night terrorist attack on Kuje Correctional Facility in Abuja. In a statement released late Wednesday and signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, the PDP queried the alleged redeployment of soldiers “who had become familiar with the terrain” from the facility 24 hours before the attack. 7. The Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, on Wednesday, opened up on his choice of running mate, saying he preferred a younger person as vice-presidential candidate. The former Anambra State governor stated this in an interview on Arise Television. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday, warned that any of the seven newly-inaugurated ministers “caught in corrupt practices would face the full wrath of the law.” This was as he urged them to eschew corruption, saying public officers must be above board. 9. Two Catholic priests, Rev. Fr. Udo Peter of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, Uromi, and Rev. Fr. Philemon Oboh of St. Joseph Retreat Centre, Ugboha, who were kidnapped on Saturday in Edo State, have been rescued. The clerics were rescued in the early hours of Wednesday and brought to the Edo State Government House, where they were received by the acting Governor, Philip Shaibu. 10. The Nigeria Police Force (NPF) has passed out 9,989 constables from its four colleges and 12 training schools across the country. Force Public Relations Officer Olumuyiwa Adejobi, a Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP), said this in a statement yesterday in Abuja.