The Commissioner of Police in Adamawa State, CP Sikiru Akande, Tuesday said the gunmen who attacked the home of a pastor earlier this month and killed his two sons actually went to the house for the pastor’s money. The CP told officials and members of the state Council of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) who paid him a courtesy call that the gunmen had stormed the home of Rev Daniel Umaru of Ekklesiyyar Yan’uwa a Nigeria (EYN) Church in Mubi for the money earlier raised in a ceremony organised specially for the pastor. “A ceremony had been conducted in which members of the church raised money for the pastor,” the CP said, emphasising that the gunmen went for the money. DAILY POST recalls that gunmen had gone to the house of Reverend Daniel on the night of July 7, shot the cleric and his two sons and kidnapped the pastor’s only daughter. While the two sons died as a result of the gunshots, the reverend has up to press time Tuesday evening remained in hospital, while his wife who collapsed after the family’s two sons were killed by the gunmen and had to be admitted, is said to be currently still not herself even after she was discharged from hospital. Reverend Daniel himself has been reported to have indicated that the attackers on his home had fired at him and his two sons through a window of his house because he and his sons who turned up at the sitting room when the gunmen arrived at the house refused to open the door for them. He disclosed that the intruders who later forced their way into his house after his sons bled to death and after he collapsed as a result of a shot in his knee, forced his daughter to bring out the money in the house and then went off with his daughter before releasing her days later after collecting N3 million ransom. Addressing the NUJ members on the visit to him Tuesday, however, the Adamawa State Police Commissioner said his men were close on the trail of the gunmen. Speaking earlier during the visit to the CP at the police headquarters in Yola, the NUJ Chairman Ishaka Dedan, said the CP had done well at crime control. “We have seen how suspects are being arrested, paraded and prosecuted since you assumed office,” Dedan said.