An activist, Deji Adeyenju, has appealed to leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to go and beg the Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike. According to Adeyanju, the PDP has failed to be fair to Wike in spite of his loyalty to the opposition party. He explained that the Rivers governor remains the most loyal chieftain of the PDP since 2015. While alluding to the fact that the “governor’s excesses” might be to the extreme, Adeyanju insisted that Wike deserves to be respected by all stakeholders. He maintained that the absence of the PDP governor at the party’s rally ahead of Saturday’s Osun governorship election was too conspicuous. “PDP did not treat Wike very well despite his loyalty to the party. They must all go beg him and carry him along. Since 2015, Wike has been the most loyal chieftain of the opposition. “Yes, his excesses can be to the extreme but he deserves respect from all stakeholders. His absence in Osun today was too loud. So also that of (Gov Seyi) Makinde and other Wike’s loyalists,” Adeyanju said in a post on his handles. DAILY POST recalls that Wike and his loyalists are currently displeased with the presidential candidate of the PDP, Atiku Abubakar and other leaders of the party. Wike, who came second in the PDP presidential primary was once being touted to be Atiku’s running mate. It was gathered that a committee set up by the PDP leadership had voted for Wike to run on the same ticket with the former Vice President. Former Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose, an ally of Wike, also said it was Atiku himself who promised to make Wike his running mate. However, Atiku caught many by surprise when he announced Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State as the PDP vice presidential candidate. Since Okowa’s announcement, Wike appears to have stayed away from all PDP activities at the national level. At the moment, some governors of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) are lobbying Wike in an attempt to win him over to their party. It is not yet clear whether or not Wike will dump the PDP for the APC, a party he had called different names in the past.