Hearing on the continuation in the case against the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Taraba State, Kefas Agbu, was on Friday adjourned to next week Monday. The adjournment, as observed by DAILY POST, was based on the request made before the presiding judge of the Federal High Court sitting in Jalingo, Simone Akpa Amobeda, by the lead counsel to Agbu, Musa Tende. Citing the inability of his witnesses to appear in court, he pleaded with the court to temper justice with mercy by adjourning the case in order for his witnesses to come and testify before the court. The request was observed to have been made shortly after the witness of the plaintiff was both cross examined and re-cross examined by counsels to all parties involved. The plaintiff, Professor Jerome Nyameh is one of the aggrieved PDP governorship aspirants that frowned at the way and manner the party conducted its governorship primary in the state in May this year. Claiming that the Agbu, who emerged as the flag bearer of the party did not deserve to be the party’s governorship candidate, the need for the court to restrain him from parading himself as the party’s candidate pending when the case is finally determined, he said has become necessary. Buttressing his arguments with witness, the candidate, as made known by him, was the party’s state chairman, who, according to him, presided over the screening of aspirants that sought for various elective positions on the platform of the party during the primaries. Counsel to Nyameh, Pius D Pius, have not objected to Agbu’s counsel’s request, while feeding questions from newsmen, disclosed that based on exhibit tendered in the court, accreditation did not take place for delegates before election proceeded during the primary. He said, “If you look at the exhibits that were brought to the court, you would discover that it was clearly written in the INEC report about the primary election that there was no accreditation before voting and that INEC officials raised objections with the party and the party did nothing about it.” Apart from Nyameh, another aggrieved governorship aspirant Hilkiya Bubajoda Mafindi, as at the time of filing this report, has as well approached the same court to demand for the disqualification of Agbu.