The Medical Director of Dansadau General hospital in Zamfara State, Dr Mansur Muhammed Dansadau and two other health workers who were abducted in Dansadau emirate have regained their freedom from the kidnappers. DAILY POST gathered that they were released on Friday night after seven days in captivity after the sum of five million naira ransom was paid to their kidnappers. It was also learnt that the kidnappers refunded the five million naira ransom a few hours after the payment. The Chairman, Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) in Zamfara State, Dr. Mannir Bature confirmed this to DAILY POST through a telephone conversation. “Why the bandits refunded the five million naira ransom paid to them is still surprising us” he added. According to him, cattle herders who are committed to lasting peace with the Dansadau farming communities intervened and secured the freedom of the health workers as well as facilitated the refund of the N5 million ransom the bandits demanded. Recall that Dr. Mansur Muhammad and two other health workers were abducted last Saturday along the Gusau – Dansadau highway in Maru Local Government Area of the state. A reliable source told DAILY POST that some concerned cattle herders escorted the ransom bearer, Sama’ila Nagogo, to the delivery location and caught the armed bandits, and took them to their superiors. “The cattle herders asked the bandits to free their victims and return the N5 million ransom as the health workers were very much concerned with their health which they complied” This he said was a result of the peace accord between members of the community, cattle headers and bandits in the area after years of attacks and counterattacks between the locals and the bandits. “I am sure that those kidnappers are probably not aware of the peace accord between the crop farmers and the cattle herders around the Dansadau axis” “The communities in the axis came to the conclusion that the government was doing nothing to secure the entire area, and that prompted the agreement in the interest of peace. Dansadau is ninety-seven kilometres from Gusau, Zamfara State capital and for over a decade now, the axis has been the colony of the bandits. The area shares boundary in some forests bordering Katsina, Kaduna, Kebbi and Niger States. It was also gathered that the released victims have been reunited with their families after thorough medical checks. Recall that some ward attendants and a relation of a patient were abducted in the same Dansadau General hospital last year.