The deputy governor of Oyo State, Rauf Aderemi Olaniyan and two of his predecessors, among whom are Chief Iyiola Oladokun and Moses Alake Adeyemo have pledged to support the candidature of the duo of Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Senator Teslim Kolawole Folarin. The All Progressives Congress chieftains made this known during after a closed-door meeting held on Thursday in Ibadan. Tinubu is the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2023, while Folarin is the gubernatorial candidate of the party in Oyo state in 2023. DAILY POST learnt that Olaniyan, Oladokun and Adeyemo and other chieftains of APC in Oke Ogun geopolitical zone, during the meeting held at the Ibadan residence of Oladokun, said that Oke Ogun leaders have resolved to work for the duo. It was gathered that the meeting was convened by Oladokun who is also the Chairman of Oyo APC Elders’ Advisory Council. Other APC chieftains, who present at the meeting included Chief Yinka Taiwo; former commissioner for local government and chieftaincy affairs, Hon. Rasaq Raji; former state secretary of defunct ACN, Hon. Dele Akinleye; and former house of Assembly lawmakers Hon. Abdulfatai Abdulsalam. A source who was at the meeting revealed that the meeting was convened by Oladokun to reconcile the immediate past deputy governor, Moses Adeyemo Alake. The source said “The meeting was convened by the Chairman of Oyo APC Elders’ Advisory Council, His Excellency Barr. Iyiola Oladokun to reconcile the immediate past deputy governor of Oyo State, His Excellency Chief Moses Adeyemo Alake. “Chief Adeyemo is truly a loyal party as he has agreed to work together with other critical stakeholders to deliver all the party’s 2023 candidates – Asiwaju Bola Hammed Tinubu as next President of Nigeria, Senator Teslim Folarin as next Governor of Oyo State and other candidates” “The outcome of our meeting is fruitful. APC in Oke-Ogun is now getting united to mobilise for electoral victories of our party’s candidates. We’re putting our house in order ahead of 2023 elections”.