The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Osun State, Professor Abdulganiy Olayinka Raji, has assured that the results of the Osun gubernatorial election will be announced within 12 hours. Prof. Raji made this known during his welcome address at the INEC Osun election stakeholders meeting on the governorship election on Monday in Osogbo. Raji, while unveiling steps taken by the Commission to ensure a free, fair, inclusive, and conclusive election on Saturday, July 16, 2022, added that measures put in place include ensuring adequate security, distribution of non-sensitive materials in readiness for the poll, provision of electronic and hard copy maps to ease movements and training of security personnel and other stakeholders. In his words, “Polling units have been moved away from contested areas to public buildings and we have taken steps to distribute all non-sensitive materials to the polling unit level and are ready to be distributed to registration areas on election day. “Maps of polling units with electronic and hard copy have been produced to ease movements and security and other stakeholders have been trained.” He also stated that the recently concluded mock registration conducted by the Commission was to access the workability of the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) in preparation for the poll. The INEC Chairman, Mahmood Yakubu while reiterating that the Commission has taken steps to ensure a successful election added that five National Commissioners and 12 Resident Electoral Commissioners have been deployed to Osun State. Yakubu revealed that out of 1,955,657 Permanent Voter’s Cards (PVCs) made available to Osun, 1,463,047 have been received while 492,610 were uncollected. He noted that the figure represented 70 percent of PVCs collection but urged the electorates to collect their PVCs in order for them to vote. He also disclosed that the Commission had taken into consideration people with disabilities and pregnant and nursing mothers and made available provisions to enable them to vote on election day The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba revealed that 21,000 police personnel has been deployed to the state for the election and they will take charge of security and protect electoral materials. The deployment of the police he maintained will also serve as a strong warning that the government was ready to sense democracy and assure the residents of the state that government will provide a conducive electoral environment for a peaceful election. He warned trouble makers that irrespective of their status will be dealt with in accordance with the law. “Nobody will be allowed to derail the electoral process and no stone will be left unturned in prosecuting those who have been found wanting,” Baba added.