The Osun State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has warned against any attempt aimed at truncating the overwhelming victory of the party at the gubernatorial poll. This is at it declared that such treachery will be an exercise in futility. The Osun PDP made this known in a warning statement signed by Akindele Adekunle, Chairman, Caretaker Transition Committee and aimed at Dotun Babayemi frowned at the legal action he has instituted against the governor-elect. Dotun Babayemi emerged as the gubernatorial candidate of a faction of the Osun PDP at a parallel primary election held at the WOCDIF centre, Osogbo, while Ademola Adeleke emerged at the gubernatorial primary election held at the Osogbo City Stadium and was certified by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The statement, which warned Babayemi that his actions may assume a dangerous and self destructive dimension, added that such scheming would end in further legal defeat as the aspirant had no strong legal basis for his many litigations. The party also described his refusal to listen to calls by elders of his group, who urged him to discontinue the legal challenge on Osun PDP primary, as worrisome. They said he had become the willing tool of the All Progressives Congress (APC) which is yet to recover from its crushing defeat. The statement reads in part, “While the aspirant had filed several cases and failed to upturn due process decision of the party, the party noted that the last ruling of the Court of Appeal should put paid to further litigation on the primary. Any decision to pursue the issue further will smack of open anti-party activity and a direct disrespect for the people of Osun State who voted massively for Senator Ademola Adeleke. “From the beginning of the litigation to date, it was obvious the aspirant was only holding unto straws as the primary that produced Senator Adeleke fulfilled all extant regulations and legal requirements in line with the electoral act among others. “The party not only duly authorized the primary, the right delegates participated at the right venue with right statutory supervision, while a valid court order equally mandated the holding and organisation of the governorship primary. “We are, therefore, constrained to call on Babayemi to toe the path of honour and to embrace the overwhelming choice of Osun people. Any hope of stealing the people’s mandate for Senator Ademola Adeleke through the backdoor is a venture doomed from conception. Enough is enough.”