A former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, Yekini Nabena has said the refusal of the Peoples Democratic Party to honour the zoning arrangement was more harmful to the unity of Nigeria when compared to the Muslim-Muslim ticket of the ruling APC. Recall that the presidential candidate of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu had on Sunday announced the former Governor of Borno State, Senator Kashim Shettima as his running-mate. But Nabena on Tuesday while addressing journalists in Abuja, said Nigerians should be more worried about the main opposition party that killed fairness and conventional power rotation between the North and the South, and not a Muslim-Muslim ticket of the ruling party. He said Nigerians should ignore the unnecessary cry by the opposition parties, insisting that a single faith ticket was not new in Nigeria according to history. The APC chieftain said Nigerians must reject PDP in 2023 to show their anger against the injustice done to the zoning arrangement. According to him, PDP zoned Presidency to the North, while the incumbent President is from the North, a Muslim and Fulani man, just like Atiku. This actually calls for anger and not harmless Muslim-Muslim ticket of the APC,” Nabena said. He said Nigeria had Buhari/Idiagbon which was a Muslim-Muslim ticket, Gowon/Adewale, which was a Christian-Christian ticket in the past and heaven did not fall. Nabena added that in 2011 when the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) fielded Nuhu Ribadu and Fola Adeola, both Muslims, there was no cry by the opposition because the ticket stood no chance of winning. He said: “None of those agitating against the Muslim-Muslim ticket on the basis of fairness has considered the Traditional African Worshippers. How fair is it that we are agitating for fairness and equity to share power between Christians and Muslims while completely ignoring and alienating our African Traditional Worshippers, where is justice? “Nigeria should worry more about the zoning arrangement which the PDP has just killed for their selfish interest and desperation of its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar because for Atiku it is the last chance which will become one-chance for him by 2023.” “The APC has done the right thing by zoning the presidency to the South. Nigerians must know that religion is a matter of individual race, the most important thing is that the presidency is in the South compared to PDP’s unfair treatment to the South.”