The leadership of the National Association of Nigeria Students, Southwest (Zone D), has slammed the Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, over the continuous closure of the state university. The two state-owned universities in Oyo, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Ogbomoso, and the Oyo State Technical University, Ibadan, were shut down over an internal strike in January 2022, prior to the industrial action by the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU. Following the prolonged strike, the students, who spoke via a statement by the Coordinator of NANS Southwest Zone, Comrade Tegbe Stephen, said the governor has failed in his promises to students in the state. The statement reads, “At the moment could no longer subscribe to silence which has yielded to nothing on the ongoing industrial actions affecting the state-owned institutions in Oyo State and which has our students staying at home when the calendar doesn’t read that for the last three months. We say enough of taking us for fools when things are not giving positive indications. “The saddest part of the story was the fact that the affected institution declared the said strike a few weeks before the National body of the Colleges of Education Academic Staff Union declared a warning strike but the Governor neglected them but he ensured that the Ladoke Akintola University Lecturers who had earlier joined the nationwide ASUU strike are paid off to resume work. “An action which discourages our ‘would be teachers’ and gives an impression that they are not on the priority list of the state government. “If the Governor cares less about our Institution and claims to make education free at the secondary school level, it means he is only preparing our souls for the worst he wants us to experience as we progress in our academic endeavour. “We are no longer taking carefulness as a defence mechanism against an enemy that attacks us bitterly and expresses absolute love for our children. It will be an action to present our bitter experience to those placing it on our doorsteps. “We are at this point calling the attention of the state government to as a matter of urgency attend to the need of the staff members in the affected institution to abrogate the industrial action so as for our esteemed members to return to the lecture room as we will take decisive action to help ourselves out of the menace. “With every sincerity, we are warning the state government for the last time as the action that follows will be a no retreat no surrender because we are tired of living under pretence of suffering and smiling when things are not in order. All we demand is better avenues to plan a better future”.