The Defence Headquarters on Thursday, said that 3,858 terrorists including six top commanders and their families have surrendered to troops in the theatre of operation, while its troops of Operation Hadin Kai (OPHK), have neutralized 42 Boko Haram terrorists in the past two weeks in the Northeast. Maj.-Gen. Bernard Onyeuko, Director, Defence Media Operations, in a statement on Thursday, said the achievements were recorded because the troops did not relent, as they took the battle to Boko Haram terrorists/Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) enclaves with more coordinated operations. Onyeuko said among the surrendered terrorists at Gwoza, were the six commanders listed below; Malam Mala Hassan (Wali), Ali Madagali (Munzur), Musa Bashir (Chief Anur), Buba Dahiru (Munzur), Jafar Hamma (Kaid) and Abbali Polisawa. According to him, the air component of OPHK on July 11, conducted an air interdiction operation at Tumbum Jaki and Tumbum Murhu near Lake Chad in Borno State, killed over 21 terrorists. He said in July 1-14, 2022, 3,858 Boko Haram terrorists comprising 505 males, 1,042 females and 2,311 children have so far surrendered. He said several terrorist logistics suppliers/collaborators have been arrested with different items at various locations within the theatre, while, unspecified number of terrorists in different encounters at Gamage village in Dikwa Local Government Area, Dikwa – Gamborou-Ngala road, Pulka – Gwale road in Borno were killed, with two women; Hauwa Gambo and Khadija Dirsa. Onyeuko added that in the same vein, 42 terrorists were killed in different locations, 10 arrested, recovered 17 AK-47 rifles, one QTC rifle, 1 RPG bomb, one RPG tube, five hand grenades, 120 rounds of 5.5mm and 54 rounds of 7.62mm special ammunition. He also listed other items to include 151 rounds of 7.62mm NATO; 60 rounds of 12.7 108mm, two ammo links, five Dane guns, eight rounds of fabricated 7.62mm ammunition, one smoke grenade, two locally made explosives, 23 empty AK-47 magazines, and five FN magazines. Onyeuko said the surrendered terrorists and their families were being profiled and documented while recovered items and apprehended suspected terrorists had been handed over to the appropriate authorities for further action.