A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party in Kaduna State, Dr. Mustapha Aliyu, has warned the governorship aspirant of the ruling All Progressives Congress Party (APC), in the state, Senator Uba Sani over his choice to fly a Muslim-Muslim ticket. DAILY POST recalls that Uba Sani, a serving Senator, had on July 3, 2022, picked Governor Nasir El-Rufai’s deputy, Dr. Hadiza Balarabe as his running mate for the upcoming 2023 gubernatorial elections in the state. Reacting on Friday, Aliyu said for equity, justice, and fairness, Sani would have chosen a Christian as deputy. According to him, Balarabe is even more than qualified, coupled with all her working experiences in life, but when it comes to governance, it must be genuinely looked at so that others may not see it as being cheated. He said Kaduna State is known to have two main religions; Christianity and Islam. “Mallam Nasir El-Rufai introduced Muslim-Muslim governorship in the state. He may think he succeeded but other religions are not happy, because they have no representative at the Government House to channel all their grievances when the need arises,” he said. According to him, with a Muslim-Muslim ticket, the state is not only divided along religious lines, but that other religion may feel inferior, unattended to, rejected, or feel orphaned. He said the politics today is a complete departure from the past that brought Christians and Muslims as one entity, adding that if politicians continued to introduce what is not in the Constitution, people will hate themselves more. “We are not talking of failure or success of a political party candidate with muslim-muslim ticket. At least, a candidate who introduced muslim-muslim ticket knows how to manipulate elections to win. Our concern is not winning, but the effect of muslim-muslim ticket on the people of the state. Many will see it as division, hatred, instead of togetherness,” he said. He said Kaduna State does not belong to one religion, ethnic group, or individual, but generality of people, and everybody must be carried along in the scheme of things.