Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, (HURIWA) on Thursday, described as blasphemous and treacherous, the alleged recruitment of fake ‘bishops’ to attend the unveiling of former Borno State Governor, Kashim Shettima, as the running mate of All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. HURIWA said the action demonstrates the absolute lack of respect of the APC for the Christian faith. HURIWA’s National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko, in a statement, said Nigeria would have been on fire had Christian-Christian candidates hired fake Imams to attend their political event. Recall that an unpleasant spectacle of funnily dressed allegedly hired ‘bishops’ were seen at the unveiling ceremony of Shettima at the Shehu Yar’Adua Centre, Abuja. Footages of the alleged fake bishops dressed in cassocks who attended the event flooded the social media amid controversy surrounding the same faith ticket of the ruling party. One of the ‘bishops’, Joseph Odaudu had reportedly said the APC hired them from a motor park behind Eagle Square, promised to pay them N100,000 each, but paid them N40,000. Reacting, HURIWA’s Onwubiko said, “The APC and its presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu; as well as his running mate, Kashim Shettima, again insulted the millions of Christians in Nigeria by staging an insolent spectacle of hired bishops at the unveiling of Shettima. “This singular act is blasphemous and treacherous against Christianity by the Muslim-Muslim presidential hopefuls. Nigeria would have been on fire if Christian-Christian presidential hopefuls had recruited fake Imams to portray public acceptance.” HURIWA further described as lame, unacceptable and pungent excuse the explanation of the Tinubu Support Organisation that the hired persons were upcoming bishops. “Its failure to mention the names of the hired bishops and the denomination or churches they are from show the grand deception and shenanigan in the whole despicable episode staged by Tinubu and Shettima candidacy which in any event is a combination that divides Nigeria alongside religious lines. “The APC and Tinubu support team should stop the dark propaganda. It has failed and pushing it further or justifying the despicable action is condemnable. We challenge Tinubu and Shettima to publish the list of these so-called clerics, their Churches, denominations and exact addresses. “HURIWA warns the APC, Tinubu and Shettima against ridiculing the Christian faith after excluding Christians in their selection process. Whilst we preach religious tolerance, we frown upon any action that deride another’s faith to score political points. This is devilish and should be rejected by all men and good women of good conscience,” the group said.