Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Doctors who performed the surgical operation on Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, to treat the recurrent pain caused by a fracture in his leg have said they have concluded the procedure and that it was successful. 2. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has assured Nigerians that the 2022 governorship election in Osun will not be declared inconclusive. Speaking ahead of the commencement of the final collation exercise, supervising INEC National Commissioner, Prof Kunle Ajayi, said the election would end on the first ballot. 3. Bandits have ambushed a team of soldiers at Zurak Kampani community, Wase Local Government Area of Plateau State. The bandits, according to locals, arrived in the community when residents were at the market. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has said Nigerians would be grateful if they knew the hardship that some other African countries are experiencing. Buhari said this when he paid homage to the Emir of Katsina, Dr Abdulmumini Kabir Usman, at his palace, on Saturday. 5. A banditry kingpin known as Ado Aleiro was on Saturday turbaned as Sarkin Fulanin Yandoto by the Yandoton Daji Emirate in Zamfara State. It was gathered yesterday that the turbaning ceremony was held hours after the emirate announced the suspension of the process. 6. The Planning and Strategy Committee of the Tinubu Campaign Organisation has alerted the All Progressives Congress to the possibility of about 192 National Assembly members defecting from the party to other parties following the outcome of the party primaries that made some members lose a return ticket. 7. Nigeria’s oil production crashed by about 14.94 million barrels in the second quarter of this year, data obtained from the latest Monthly Oil Market Report of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries for June 2022 showed. 8. The Anambra State Police Command has killed over 10 hoodlums and destroyed three camps allegedly harbouring criminals in Achalla, in the Awka North Local Government Area of the state. The state police spokesperson, Toochukwu Ikenga, said yesterday that the attack took place on Friday. 9. A 20-year-old man identified as Abubakar Ishiaku has been arrested by policemen from the Federal Capital Territory Command with 20 bags of leaves suspected to be Indian hemp. He was said to have been spotted by a team of policemen on stop and search duty and fled. 10. The Federal Government is yet to reach an agreement with the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), contrary to claims by the union. This clarification was made yesterday in a statement released by the Media Office of the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige.