The Niger State Police command has paraded ten notorious suspects, including a female over alleged thuggery, youth restiveness in Minna, the State capital. It also arrested a gangster who has been on the run after stabbing to death one Muhammed of Kwangila, Minna last month. The State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Wasiu Abiodun said the arrest was part of the command’s continuous onslaught against thuggery, youth restiveness and disturbance of public peace in Minna metropolis and its environs. He explained that on Sunday the 17th of July, 2022, the police tactical team raided criminal hideouts in the metropolis at about 1630hrs leading to the arrest of the suspects. They include: Fatima Ibrahim, aged 15yrs, female of Tayi area, Minna, Abdulrahman Yahuza (a.k.a Mailace) aged 17yrs of Angwan, Daji Alhassan Yau (a.k.a Abba) aged 15yrs of Angwan-Daji, Ahmed Yunusa, aged 16yrs of Angwan-Daji, as well as Yakubu Sani, aged 15yrs of Angwan-Daji. Others are Abdulganiu Bello, aged 17yrs of Angwan-Daji, Kasimu Mohammed, aged 23yrs of Angwan-Daji, Adamu Yahuza, aged 16yrs of Angwan-Daji, Yusuf Zubairu, aged 19yrs of El-Amin Bakery, Tayi, and Yusuf Bala, aged 18yrs of Keteren-Gwari, Minna. According to him, the female suspect, Fatima Ibrahim was arrested in a premises at Angwan-Daji where she was found asleep under intoxication following a complaint of a strange person found within the premises. “During interrogation, she confessed that she was kept in the premises by Abdulrahman (Mailace) who later left to Tayi area after receiving a call of a fight between some miscreants of Bosso and Tayi area at Tayi junction. “She confessed further that Abdulrahman picked a scissors and a knife while he went to join the fight and on return, he stated that they succeeded in the fight having stabbed one of the miscreants,” he stated. Abiodun explained that Abdulrahman (Mailace) and Alhassan (Abba) were arrested, and through them other members were equally arrested and confessed to have participated in the fight at Tayi junction on 16/07/2022 at about 2100hrs. Yusuf Bala was arrested at Kwangila for stabbing one Muhammed of Kwangila to death during the miscreants’ fight on 04/06/2022 at Keteren-Gwari area of Minna. He has been on the run to Mokwa since after the unfortunate incident, but recently returned to Minna. “Exhibits recovered from the suspects include: three (3) cutlasses, two (2) knives and one (1) scissors. All suspects will be arraigned in court for prosecution as soon as investigation is concluded,” he added.