There are strong indications that owing to the recent jailbreak at the medium correctional centre in Kuje, the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has handed down a weeklong ultimatum for the demolition of unauthorized buildings and shanty settlements in the town. Already, the area council authority and its traditional ruler have given their consent for the exercise to take effect. The stakeholders meeting to brief the community on the intended activity was held on Friday. Recall that Kuje was in the news recently when gunmen, believed to be members of the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP), broke into the prison facility to free over 60 of their members in detention, and paved the way for other criminals to also escape. President Muhammadu Buhari, while on his way to Senegal to attend a conference, branched to have an on-the-spot assessment, where he expressed surprise at the audacity of the terrorists. The Gomo of Kuje, HRH Alhaji Haruna Jibrin, who reacted to the proposed exercise, stated that he thinks and hopes it will bring back normalcy and, most crucially, security to the town. He remarked that he had always worked with various facets of the Kuje community to maintain order and peace, and had anticipated more collaborative efforts from all government agencies. In addition, the Council’s Chairman, Abdullahi Sulaiman Sabo, who was represented by the Principal Secretary to Kuje Area Council, Abdullahi Sabo,
hinted that the council officials have endorsed the coming of the bulldozers, but pleaded that more time should be given to allow residents to salvage their properties. Meanwhile, the Senior Special Assistant to FCT Minister on Monitoring, Inspection, and Enforcement, Comrade Ikharo Attah who convened the meeting, warned that after the one-week ultimatum, the steaming bulldozers may not be restrained. He hinted that FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello, who visited the Kuje town recently, had expressed anger over the deterioration of both environmental infrastructures and security in the area. He further disclosed that the Minister authorised the massive clean-up to restore order and sanity as well as remove all illegal shelters that provide criminal elements cover. Attah also urged all the stakeholders to maximally use the one week to move out from all the illegal places to avoid unnecessary losses, as nothing would stop the clean-up exercise. According to him, “Everyone, the Royal Father, Area Council, and traders have all agreed that all contraventions to the Urban and Regional Acts, AEPB Acts must be cleared. “The overflow from Kuje market must be taken to the two new markets close by. Those selling perishables will be taken to farmer’s market, we are saying it in strong terms. “Based on the urgency of the matter the Area Council will engage the stakeholders and tell everyone to clear in one week. So that we have a better Kuje and everyone will be happy. Kuje will be completely cleared.”