The Muslim Media Watch Group of Nigeria, MMWG, Monday slammed the federal government for the recruitment shortage in the Nigeria Police Force, NPF. It also called for a probe on what led to the alleged withdrawal of some security personnel from the Correctional Centre 24 hours before the terrorists struck to know those who are culpable. It condemned the recruitment of 10,000 personnel since 2020 into the Police. The group also accused state governors of misappropriation of their monthly security votes appropriated for the security of lives and property in their respective states. National Coordinator of the group, Ibrahim Abdullahi and National Missioner, Sheikh Abu Sheriff said this while marking the Eid-el-Kabir festival in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja. Sheriff advised that the 10,000 policemen enlisted since 2020 should henceforth be recruited and trained quarterly every year till 2027 to meet the nation’s requirement in the area of manpower for Police. MMWG also stressed the need for manpower increase in the military and other security agencies, including the Intelligence Corps to stem and eventual;y stop the heightened insecurity across the country. Part of the statement reads, “consistent recruitment and training of qualified and dedicated young ones into the security agencies, including Intelligence Corps would bridge the gap created by a shortage of personnel leading to the breakdown of law and order. “The questionable funds being spent by the federal government to subsidise fuel and electricity even after the electricity was handed over to private concerns since 2014”. It averred that the lack of electricity has been contributing seriously to the socio-economic and industrial problems facing the nation. However, MMWG, supported the call for a probe of humongous funds going into fuel subsidy by the federal government in order to unravel the scam in the sector, pointing out that any anti-corruption fight that fails to cover fuel subsidy and epileptic power supply would be of no meaning to Nigerians. Also, it called on President Muhammadu Buhari to investigate and punish the cartel and Chief Executives allegedly selling jobs in the country. And even noted that long before Buhari came to power, appointments into federal public service and some juicy federal companies and parastatals are allegedly and reportedly being sold. “It’s time for President Muhammadu Buhari to take the war on corruption to that angle now to stop the bad image being created for his administration”.