A social media user, Nkiruka has mocked citizens kicking against the Bola Tinubu-Kashim Shettima ticket. The politicians are running for the 2023 presidency on the All Progressives Congress (APC) platform. Opponents and a section of Nigerians are attacking the ruling party and the candidates over the pairing. Critics argue that the APC ticket isn’t balanced because the former Lagos and Borno governors are Muslims. But Tinubu and Shettima’s supporters are hitting back, maintaining that capability, not religion, should be the determining factor. In her reaction, Twitter user @nkyru lashed out at those condemning the Muslim-Muslim presidential ticket. Nkiruka noted that such persons go to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and put on Islamic attires. “Some Nigerians are questioning Muslim-Muslim ticket by APC. Same Nigerian will go to UAE and even dress like a Muslim oooh!”, she tweeted. The comment has stirred a hornet’s nest with strong and divergent responses. “What has wearing abaya got to do with questioning Muslim-Muslim ticket?”, @Misstoruja asked. “Your analogy, -and I shudder to use the word analogy because your tweet is anything but- is as good as saying because there was a plane crash you won’t take okada anymore.” @Yale_Lad wrote: “Nkiru so in your small world the entire Northern Christian population in a pluralistic society like Nigeria doesn’t have a competent person. “Does competence in your definition not include managing the diversity of your population. Does it not include managing the sensibilities.” In support of the tweet however, @afolabiolusola2 replied: “They want Tinubu to pick Christian so that he can lose. “Muslims are a minority in the south that’s why the south never had a Muslim president or Vice President and Christians are a minority in the north that’s why you never see a Christian president or Vice from the north. “They want Tinubu, Muslim in the South (minority) to pick Christian in the north (minority) so that Atiku go win easily. Because Obi can never win and he knows.” Tinubu and Shettima met on Monday at Abuja airport. They are expected to attend the grand finale of the APC campaign ahead of Saturday’s governorship election.