Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State has said that victory for the All Progressives Congress in the July 16 governorship election in the state would enable him to build on achievements he had so far recorded since assuming leadership of the state. He also predicted that from all indications, APC would record a landslide victory in the poll. The governor said this during a meeting with the Osun chapter of All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), on Sunday in Osogbo. Represented by his Special Adviser on Civic Engagement, Olatunbosun Oyintiloye, the governor appealed to electorate not to be deceived by desperate politicians. Oyetola, who noted he had been serving the state diligently since the beginning of his administration, said those who lacked administrative capacity must not be allowed to truncate the development the state is currently witnessing. “My desire is to win the July 16 election with a wide margin. The electorate are on my side, my achievements are there to speak for me and God is willing to crown my efforts,” he said. Oyetola also appealed to the electorate to resist the temptation of selling their votes, adding that they should not allow those who have declared to win the election with dollars and euros, disrupt steady growth Osun is recording. He said, “I want to appeal to the electorate to resist the temptation of selling their votes to desperate politicians. “Osun is not for sale, neither are the people of the state for sale. Those who are bragging around with dollars to win the election have nothing to offer.” The governor also warned politicians against involvement in violence, adding that the election should not be seen as a do-or-die affair. Oyetola said that anyone caught perpetrating violence before, during and after the election will be dealt with in line with the law. “Osun is known for peace and we should not allow anything, nor even the election to truncate the peaceful atmosphere. Election should not be seen as a do-or-die affair, but rather as an avenue to serve humanity.” The governor, however, said his administration would continue to support the farmers with necessary farm inputs and implements.