The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG), has expressed worry over the latest twist in Nigeria’s security situation that has allegedly exposed the total failure of the government to check growing national threats. The group opined that in the face of the latest development, Nigerians would be right to resort to self-protection, saying that obviously, the bandits and insurgents have sensed a huge vacuum in the capacity and political will to challenge them. The statement stated, “We are extremely worried by the latest twist in Nigeria’s security situation which has exposed the glaring failure on the part of our government to check growing national threats,” the spokesman of CNG, Suleiman Abdul-Azeez in a statement said. “It is this vacuum the criminals exploit with ease and at will while government, which is supposed to be the first responder, appears to be either living in perpetual denial or totally ignorant of the reality of the situation.” “We have viewed the video clip and assessed the contents and find it disturbing to realize that Nigeria has finally come to terms with the reality that it has completely lost control of its forests, land borders, highways and to some extent, the airways and seas to insane bandits and insurgents in the North, deadly armed separatist armies in the East, pirates and other assortments of criminal gangs in the far South and the West.” The group said the audacious violence shown in the video released by the terrorists and the open threats to abduct the President and sitting governor proves the extent to which the country has lost out to the bandits. The group observed that having come this far, they are no longer in doubt that the only remaining option is the hard way, which involves communities apparently abandoned to the mercy of deadly insurgents and sundry criminals to immediately mobilize to protect themselves, their homes and families. “No people would tolerate to continue to live under such conditions while being led by a government that appears to run from threats and incapable and lacking in the political will to challenge the threats,” the statement explained. It said whether anybody wants to admit it or not, the current administration has failed in the vital area of providing security of life and property to its citizens. It added that all the signs of imminent failure or perhaps a complete failure of state have manifested in Nigeria as its government has failed to maintain a monopoly on the legitimate use of physical force within its borders. According to the statement, with the current dominant presence of warlords, paramilitary groups, corrupt policing, armed gangs, terrorism, and a messed-up security apparatus in the country, the very existence of the state has been rendered dubious, and the Nigerian state is by all indicators appearing like a failed state.