Youth Wing of the Christian Association of Nigeria (YOWI-CAN) in the 19 Northern States and Abuja has described the Muslim-Muslim ticket of Bola Tinubu as “evil and satanic plot to Islamize Nigeria”. The YOWI-CAN also dared the Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum and Plateau State, Governor Simon Bako Lalong that unless something was done to correct what it termed an error, it would mobilize its members to embark on a massive protest against the ticket. Speaking through a press release on Thursday signed by its Chairman, Evangelist Musa D Misal and the Secretary, Sarafa Adekunle Oyewo, sent to DAILY POST in Bauchi, the youths rejected the APC’s Tinubu/Shettima ticket in all its ramifications, promising to mobilize their members against the ticket. Apart from calling on the Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum to call for a meeting of all Northern APC Christian members to chart a way forward or be termed a puppet of the Hausa/Fulani oligarchy, they also called on all Northern APC Christian members to withdraw their support for the Tinubu/Shettima candidacy. They expressed shock over the choice of Senator Kashim Shettima as the running mate of Bola Ahmed Tinubu despite all calls by well meaning Nigerians of both faiths to the contrary. The YOWI-CAN group stated that, “Now that the dice is cast and the APC has come out to tell us that there is no credible and competent northern Christian worthy to be Vice President of Nigeria, we the entire northern Christian youths reject this in all its ramifications and will mobilize our members to distance themselves from this evil and satanic plot to Islamize Nigeria. “Furthermore, we shall ensure that we strategize and protect the votes so that the evil plotters will not rig the elections. I assure you that we have millions of voters to make the change possible. “We call on our northern APC Christian politicians to take the path of honour and immediately resign their support for Tinubu and his running mate. “Finally, we will resist in all legally possible ways this unnecessary provocation of the northern Christian people and will ensure that we mobilize against any northern Christian who still sees a future in the Tinubu/Kashim.