The Nigeria Police Force Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, said the security challenges facing the nation could be mitigated with music. If properly managed, Adejobi opined that the Nigerian entertainment industry can salvage insecurity to some extent. The police spokesman, spoke in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, at an event marking King Wasiu Ayinde’s 50 years on stage. At the event organised by the Freelance and Independent Broadcasters Association of Nigeria (FIBAN), led by its President, Desmond Nwachukwu, Adejobi said, “entertainment and security will go together. There is nobody who will be at this event today that will go and fight or plan how to rob in the society. “Entertainment brings joy and succour to the land. I am a Christian and I have been told and read what King David used music to do in the Bible. “And the same thing is applicable these days. You can imagine the young talents who are singing today, award winners across the country who are Nigerians.” He noted that if some youths had not been engaged in entertainment, the level of insecurity plaguing the country would have been more than the present situation. He said, “Many talents are coming up. If those ones are not in the entertainment industry, I am sure it is going to be an additional problem to me on the field and other security agencies.” Adejobi, however, appealed that the entertainment industry should further be strengthened to accommodate more talents. He lauded the feat achieved by the music maestro in the country and beyond, saying “some of us that who are in the security know that music normally helps in curbing crime and criminality in our society.” The Police spokesman urged youths to abstain from crime and illegal means of livelihood but instead develop their talents and make a living from it. “I want to urge the youths who have talent, everyone has a talent, develop your talent and use it wisely for your own good and for the good of the society.” In his remarks, the FIBAN President, Desmond Nwachukwu, said the association decided to celebrate the Fuji Maestro, KWAM 1, for his contributions to the entertainment world.