The youth wing of apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide has condemned in strong terms the alleged killing of seven wedding guests by Ebubeagu security outfit in Imo State. Ebubeagu is a state security outfit. DAILY POST learnt that the ugly incident occurred on Sunday when the victims were returning to their community in Otulu, Oru East Local Government Area of the State from Awomama in the neighbouring Oru West LGA, before the security operatives opened fire on them. Both the President General of Otulu community, Nnamdi Agbor and the Imo State Police Command confirmed the incident. In another development, at least 15 persons were said to have been abducted by herdsmen in Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State. Reacting through a statement made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday, the National President of OYC, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike said he was saddened that the lives of promising young men were cut short by reckless Ebubeagu security operatives. He said, “our hearts are filled with rage over this mindless and reckless killing of innocent people by Ebubeagu security operatives. “It is inconceivable that a local security outfit could just open fire on armed civilians for no clear reason. We are even more sad owing to the grave silence of the Imo State Government days after that brutal killing. “Ndigbo are very concerned that nothing good has ever come out of the government of Hope Uzodinma ever since he came to power. It has been one form of crisis or the other and now this strange action by the government-controlled Ebubeagu. His reign has only brought sorrow to the people of the State. “In Ebonyi State, there have been reported cases of the use of Ebubeagu by State forces to settle scores; now, the onslaught appears to have spread to Imo State. This is totally unacceptable and should be condemned by all men of goodwill. “We demand for a private enquiry over this matter and though no life could be paid for, adequate compensation must be made to the families of the victims,” Okwu declared. He also stated that “the continuous virulent unprovoked attack on the residents of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State by Fulani herdsmen can no longer be condoned. “We find it hard to understand why the security agencies cannot put an end to this mayhem, which has led to the loss of several lives. “The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, therefore, calls on Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s led administration to find an immediate end to this carnage. The primary purpose of the government is to provide security to the people. “The time has come for the government to take decisive action and restore normanly to the troubled Isi-Uzo Council Area. “We are also urging the people of the Area to begin to explore measures of defending themselves because Ndigbo are not known to the cowards,” the OYC President further stated.