Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2023 elections, Atiku Abubakar has challenged the standard bearer of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, to an hour-long Television interview. This is coming after Tinubu picked six lies in his recent interview. 2. Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has given the Federal Government two weeks to fix the deplorable Lagos-Ota-Abeokuta expressway. He vowed to take over the reconstruction if the Federal Government fails to fix it within that period. 3. Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, has said Atiku Abubakar offered him Vice-Presidential slot in 2007. Tinubu said this in reaction to the interview, where Atiku, now presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said he rejected Tinubu as his running mate because of Muslim-Muslim ticket. 4. The head of the World Health Organization, Saturday, declared the monkeypox outbreak to be a global health emergency – the highest alarm it can sound. Tedros Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General, who made this known, said there is also a clear risk of further international spread, although the risk of interference with international traffic remains low for the moment. 5. Adekunle Oloyode, Area Comptroller of the Nigeria Customs Service, TinCan Island Command, Lagos, has revealed how some clearing agents forged his signature to clear imported cars. Briefing journalists on the half-year report of the command, Oloyede said the agents wanted to clear four trucks and some cars. 6. The Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has said he will reveal all that has transpired in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) very soon. Wike stated this in a terse tweet on Saturday evening. 7. A son of Oba Abdulahi Okunloye the Olofa of Ofatedo, Yinusa Okunloye has been killed by a suspected cult group. The 43-year-old Okunloye was murdered in the wee hours of Saturday at his residence in Ofatedo, Egbedore Local Government Area of Osun State. 8. Five members of the Rapid d’intervention Battalion (BIR), a Cameroonian military unit, have been reportedly killed by separatists suspected to be militant members of the Biafra Nations League, BNL. The personnel of a Cameroonian military unit were said to have invaded the camp of the Biafra group yesterday morning. 9. The All Progressives Congress, APC, and its presidential candidate, Senator Bola Tinubu, have begun deliberating on who to appoint as Director-General of the party’s presidential campaign council. By the timetable of the Independent National Electoral Commission, campaigns ahead of the 2023 general elections will begin in September. 10. The most-anticipated season 7 of the Big Brother Naija reality TV show, tagged ‘Level Up’ has officially launched. During the live launch show on Saturday, the first set of housemates were introduced to the show. Six male and six female contestants made their way to the house, marking the start of a new journey to fame for them.