Popular Nigerian singer, Asa’s performance at the transitioning of the Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited, NNPC LTD to NNPC Limited has stirred reactions online. The name change for the NNPC was pertinent to the Petroleum Industry Act. ASA performed her hit song ‘Fire on The Mountain’ in front of President Muhammadu Buhari and some top government officials, including the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan; the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva; and the Group Managing Director of NNPC, Mele Kyari. The lyrics of the song depicts “there’s trouble, bloodshed in a country and no one seems to care.” Nigerians took to social media commending Asa for passing a powerful message with her song to the president and other top government officials. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @MayorOfUyo “Asa dropped a bomb at the NNPC Summit and walked out without being arrested.By singing FIRE ON THE MOUNTAIN before the president, she didn’t abuse anyone, she didn’t criticize anyone. She spoke directly to their consciences with a song.Legendary doings.” @Drpenking “Asa was invited to sing at the NNPC re-launch with Buhari in attendance. Guess the song she chose to sing? “There is fire on the mountain.” No one can convince me that this was not on purpose . I saw what you did there, our lovely sister. God bless you for passing the message.” @TosinMatilda “ASA sings “Fire On The Mountain” at the relaunch of the NNPC in the presence of President Buhari.Violence served peacefully I hope all these politicians at the event understood the message! @DejiFaremi “Asa sang Fire On The Mountain at an NNPC event, in the presence of Buhari and many other Nigerian leaders.Message passed! @AdebayoAdekunle “The music is Still fresh, The content is clear. Truly, the message passed but to who? Do they really believe there is any fire on the mountain?” @MisterJonahh “Asa performed ‘Fire on the Mountain’ at the relaunch of NNPC in presence of President Buhari. To me, this isn’t a performance but a protest. Bravery! @DanielRegha “Asa should have turned down the offer to perform at the NNPC in the presence of the APC elites, whether or not she’s using her song to send a msg is besides the point; What she did defeats the purpose of EndSARS. You don’t call out bad leaders then dine with ’em when it’s convenient.” @Nwa_Anambra “Thank you Asa for the protest song at NNPC limited lunch.It’s not as if they don’t get the message behind the song, they do but they don’t care.” @NurudeenObalola “This is so beautifully poignant. Perfect song to remind those who have mismanaged this country that they’re burning everything down. Only problem is Buhari and his cronies don’t care if the mountain and the surrounding valleys burn to ashes.” @LinoIsawhe “Asa’s rendition of “Fire on the mountain” at the NNPC Ltd unveiling is a direct message to Nigeria leaders including Nigeria President who is on ground. I do hope they hear the message and not just enjoy the tune. God bless.” Video: @Asa_official sings “Fire On The Mountain” at the relaunch of the NNPC in the presence of President Buhari. pic.twitter.com/m83OCpJyvC — Channels Television (@channelstv) July 19, 2022 