The Assistant Controller, Nigeria Correctional Service in charge of the Medium Security Custodial Centre, Otukpo, Benue State, (ACC) Mr Alabi Razak has called on the Federal Government, to as a matter of urgency, legislate on the Nigerian Peace Corps Establishment Bill to curb criminality in the country. He made the call on Saturday while playing host to the National Commandant of the Peace Corps of Nigeria, Ambassador Dickson Akoh, who led a delegation of Officers and men of the Corps to visit, encourage and free some inmates in the facility as part of the Corps’ activities to mark her 24 years Anniversary. ACC Razak stressed that the Peace Corps is a sure solution towards curbing the decadence caused by unemployment in the society. “We believe that when youths are gainfully engaged, they will not have time to think of committing crime, with that, insecurity which is caused as a result of criminality will reduce to its barest minimum,” he said. He thanked the Peace Corps and its National Commandant for the good work done so far and admonished them to continue in the struggle as some day very soon, they will enjoy the fruit of their labour. On his part, National Commandant of Peace Corps of Nigeria, Ambassador Dickson Akoh thanked the Nigeria Correctional Service for giving the Corps the opportunity to serve humanity. He noted that crime is a social consequence of the negligence of the youths in the society. “Therefore the inmates we are freeing today are not only going to be freed but will be recruited into the Corps as that would get them busy,” he said. Akoh added that setting inmates free, reorientating, rehabilitating them and reintegrating them into the society formed part of the activities for the Corps’ 24th Anniversary. He stated that “as part of its humanitarian gestures, the Corps had three years ago freed over 14 inmates from the Suleja Correctional Service and had wished to do same here, but based on our interaction with the Medium Security Custodial Centre here in Otukpo through our Legal Consultant Barrister Omale Omale, we can only free 4 inmates who are of less offenses.” Ambassador Akoh who noted that he had been detained in Kirikiri, Suleja and Kuje Prisons not for committing any crime but to stop him from continuing with the Peace Corps struggle, said he understands the efforts of officers of the Correctional Service. While addressing the inmates, Akoh urged them to use the time they are in custody to change for the better so that when they are freed and back to the society, they will not commit crimes that would warrant them going back into custody. He advised them not to see their detention as a license to death but as a correctional technique to rehabilitate them. He called on spirited individuals to support the Correctional Service in terms of infrastructural development and others so as to enhance their work. Speaking on behalf of the freed inmates, Moro Benjamin said he was very excited and grateful to the National Commandant and the Peace Corps for granting him and 3 others freedom and for the opportunity to be recruited into the Corps.