The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Saturday said it has not disobeyed a court order as it has a valid governorship candidate for the Delta State governorship election in 2023. The party was reacting to reports that it had disobeyed a court order with regards to the Delta governorship candidate. However, the PDP in a statement by Hon. Debo Ologunagba, National Publicity Secretary, said following the new Electoral Act, submission of names of candidates is no longer physical but by electronic transmission to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). According to him, INEC has granted permission under the new act, access to its portal to political parties to electronically upload their candidates’ information; which closed on Friday, July 15, 2022. He said the party uploaded the name of Oborevwori Sheriff Francis Orohwedor as its candidate onto INEC Portal on Friday, July 8, 2022. He said on July 18, 2022, three days after the closure of access to the INEC portal, the party and INEC received a court order directing the substitution of the name of Oborevwori Sheriff Francis Orohwedor with another name, adding that the party had no access to the portal as at the closure date on July 15, 2022. “Subsequently, the PDP and INEC were served with Court of Appeal processes comprising; Notice of Appeal, Motion for Stay of Execution and Records of Appeal filed by the candidate whose name was initially uploaded by the Party onto the INEC portal,” the statement said. According to him, under the INEC guideline, the last day for effecting any change of names of candidates for the 2023 general election is September 28, 2022. He said if there would be any change from the outcome of the judicial processes, such will be duly and appropriately reflected in compliance with the order of court. He said the PDP as a law-abiding party has always and will continue to comply with court orders. He therefore urged party members, teeming supporters and the people of Delta State to disregard the speculations and remain focused on the platform of the PDP in their determination to consolidate on the achievements of the Governor of Delta State and vice-presidential candidate, Sen. Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa. He said the PDP is fully prepared for the 2023 general elections in the state as well as across the nation and will emerge victorious at the polls.