Controversy is currently trailing the All Progressive Congress (APC), Kaduna Governorship candidate, Alhaji Uba Sani’s choice of Dr. Hadiza Balarabe as his running mate for the 2023 election. DAILY POST recalls that Sani on Monday night, announced Governor Nasir El-Rufai’s deputy, Dr. Hadiza Balarabe as his running mate, throwing up a Muslim/Muslim ticket. The development is a complete departure from political arrangement of Muslim/Christian ticket, which has been in practice in the State. Although, Governor Nasir El-rufai introduced the Muslim-Muslim ticket in 2021, after the death of his late deputy Bananas, many political observers in the State are not happy that Christians in the State have been sidelined. Former Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, chairman in Kagarko LGA, Dr. Moses Wada said introducing Muslim-Muslim ticket in the State is to weaken Christianity in the State. “I have never seen a situation where there are Muslims, Christians in the State, and just because one religion has the upper hand, they decided to sideline the other religion. It’s not done in a democratic setting,” he said. On his own part, Mrs. Ruth Alibaba, former Director-General, PDP women wing in the 2015 election in Kaduna State said politics does not discriminate against religion, adding that everybody must be carried along. “A situation where one religion is sidelined, it means, there is an interior motive on the part of the ruling government,” she said According to her, “who will speak for Christians when the ugly things happen? Who will Christian elders run to in the Government House when their rights are violated?” Also speaking to DAILY POST on the sideline of the Muslim-Muslim ticket, an Imam, Alhaji Ibrahim Musa noted that everyone must be given an equal opportunity since Government is for the people and not for a section. Mrs. Rhoda Adebowale said Christians were already facing serious victimisation in the State, with their rights being denied by the government at the state level. According to her, “all forms of criminalities- banditry, kidnapping are all aimed at silencing Christians in the State.”