Kebbi State Governor, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, on Monday, applauded the selection of the former Governor of the State, Kashim Shettima, as Bola Tinubu’s running mate for next year’s general elections. Bagudu said that Shettima and Tinubu would complement Buhari’s track records in the past seven years. DAILY POST reports that Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), revealed on Sunday that Shettima will be his running mate in 2023. The Muslim-Muslim ticket of the APC has since stirred reactions. Tinubu insisted that although there were concerns about the Muslim-Muslim ticket, he chose Shettima because the former Governor of Borno State would bring the best governance to Nigerians, irrespective of religion or tribe. Reacting to the announcement, Bagudu, who is also the Chairman of the Progressives Governor’s Forum, told newsmen after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari and governors of the APC in Daura, Katsina State, that a Tinubu-Shettima presidency will bring Nigeria from the effect of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war. He said: “We are quite pleased that this formidable team of Tinubu and Shettima will usher in a new Nigeria in 2023. Kashim Shettima is one of Nigeria’s finest, who will bring his wealth of experience to bear in the governance of the nation. “Nigerians should be convinced that this is about the best team from the party for the 2023 general election. “We are proud and congratulated the President over the development, especially with the manner the primaries held in the most transparent way leading to the emergence of Tinubu as the APC presidential flag bearer. “This team will no doubt compliment the achievements and track records by Buhari in the past seven years, especially with the different policies put in place to bring back the country from the effects of COVID-19 and that of the Russia-Ukraine war. “We have resolved to work hard for the victory of the APC in both the weekend Osun state governorship election and the 2023 general elections.”