Online trading is booming. Despite market conditions during the first half of 2022, there’s never been a better time to get involved with the financial markets. Don’t miss out – Open a Live Trading Account Today & Get 1 Risk-Free Trade Despite rising fuel prices and escalating inflation, one area that has continued to thrive is online trading. It’s a skill and discipline that’s essentially recession-proof – this is because good traders can profit regardless of market conditions. In 2022, millions across Africa are turning to online trading to achieve financial freedom and generate income. It’s much easier to become a trader today; all you need is internet access, free software, and a trading account. To become a successful trader, however, you’ll need education and the support of a reputable brokerage such as CMTrading. CMTrading successfully hosted live in-person seminars in Nigeria, Dubai and South Africa. Hundreds reached out to us to learn from our expert traders and industry professionals. Billions are being made every day in the financial markets – what’s stopping you from grabbing your share?! ‘When they profit, so do you!’ Tope Ijibadejo, CMTrading Nigeria Region Manager, shares advice for all Nigerian traders: Q: Is there a way to follow expert traders?
Ijibadejo said: “In short, there’s an easy way to follow expert traders called copy trading. CMTrading offers a social trading platform for new traders. The beauty of a social trading platform is that it allows less-experienced traders to leverage the experience, skill, and expertise of experts. These are traders who have been in the business, who know the ins and outs of the markets. “It allows you to leverage on their skill so that whenever they make money, you will too. The technology mirrors whatever is being done on the expert’s account to the trading account of another. It allows you to learn and earn at the same time, and that’s what our copykat platform is all about. “While it may take you a few months or a year to master trading, you can still earn while you’re learning. It’s not like a university where you cannot start making money until you have graduated with a typical four-year degree. With social trading, while you are learning you can profit from others. “While you’re learning the bills keep piling up. Your expenses won’t wait for you to finish learning. With social trading, however, you can learn at the same time. It allows you to learn at your own pace, so you’re not under pressure.” Q: Advice for anyone undecided about being a trader Ijibadejo said: “So my advice for anyone undecided about being a trader is that one of the easiest ways to create a secondary income through the economy itself is through trading. It will help you overcome economic situations and act as a hedge against inflation. “If you’re a trader you can make money when assets are appreciating or depreciating. You are dealing in more stable currencies and assets that are appreciating even when your domestic currency is depreciated. So, trading gives you the power and capacity to create your economy to work within. “Trading gives you the capacity to create a legitimate income from the Internet. It helps you to make money on a part-time or full-time basis. You don’t need to quit your job or whatever your career is. You can have your nine-to-five job and still trade the markets and make money for yourself. It’s a 24-hour industry and you can make some extra income at your own time.” Ready to start trading? Open an account today Join CMTrading, the largest and best-performing broker in Africa, and discover more opportunities with an award-winning broker. Register here to get started Follow CMTrading on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube