Felicia, the late wife of an ex-President of Nigerian Senate, Senator Adolphus Wabara has been laid to rest in their Ohambele-Ndoki home, in Ukwa East Local Government Area of Abia State. The Governor of State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, while speaking during a funeral service at the Ikwueke Community Secondary School, Ohambele, said death is a certainty and the ultimate end for all mortals. Ikpeazu further stated that death symbolizes the power and total authority of God over his creation and urged the family of late Wabara to be consoled as God knows all, praying that the death of Elder Mrs Felicia Wabara will further unite the Wabara family, Ndoki land and consolidate peace in Abia State. Extolling the virtues of the deceased, the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma represented by his Deputy, Professor Placid Njoku, said that Senator Wabara had served the country meritoriously in many capacities and condoled with the entire Wabara family. Earlier in his sermon entitled “Remember Me” during the funeral service, the Primate and Head of the Anglican Church of Nigeria, the Most Rev. Dr Henry Ndukauba, described the deceased as a worthy pilgrim who lived a fulfilled life, spent in the service of God and humanity. The Anglican Primate noted that death is not the end for believers but the beginning of a new phase and urged the Wabara family to bear the loss with fortitude. On his part, the Chief mourner and husband of the deceased, Senator Adolphus Wabara said his late wife died in her faith as she did not waver in the service of God and appreciated Governor Okezie Ikpeazu and other guests and sympathizers for standing by his family in his trying period. The ceremony was graced by many personalities, including the Deputy Governor Sir Ude Oko Chukwu, former Senate Minority Leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe and several serving and former members of the National Assembly, members of the Houses of Assembly of different States, former Chief of Army Staff, General Azubuike Ihejirika (Rtd), the Amayanabo of Opobo, His Majesty, King Dandeson Jaja, and Secretary General of Ohaneze Ndigbo worldwide, Ambassador Okey Emuchay. DAILY POST had earlier reported that Felicia Wabara died in the early hours of Sunday, 10th April, 2022, after a protracted illness at the age of 69.    