The crisis rocking the Enugu State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, is far from being over. This is as foundation members of the party on Thursday passed a vote of no confidence in the State Chairman, Chief Ugochukwu Agballa. DAILY POST reports that Agballa’s emergence had been faced with multiple litigations, bordering on allegations that he is not a bonafide member of the APC. The foundation members are now insisting they would not rest until he is removed as the Chairman of the party. In a statement signed by the Pioneer Deputy State Chairman, Comrade Adolphus Ude, the group said Agballa must be removed. “We the foundation members and Stakeholders of APC in Enugu State will not fold our arms and watch a non card carrying member and stranger who came into our house through the back door to destroy the structure we collectively laboured to build while he was in PDP,” the foundation members said. They explained that the vote of no confidence was owing to a litany of political atrocities allegedly being committed against the party and its members by Agballa. They claimed that “Agballa is not a bonafide member of APC in Enugu State. He is a PDP mole, whose mission and assignment is to come and destroy our great party. “But we won’t allow him have his way. He is just a political gambler, reaping from where he did not sow. However, we strongly believe that the Court, which is the temple of justice, will soon make him face the full wrath of the law.” They also accused Agballa of manipulating the list of the Enugu State delegates in the just concluded national convention and primary election of the party in Abuja, adding that the aggrieved members were currently in court challenging the said fake Enugu delegate list. “Agballa only went to Abuja with fake delegates list containing names of his close friends, relatives and cronies, while the authentic members were left out of the exercise. “Because he doesn’t want APC to win any election in Enugu State, he has planted PDP moles in all the various elective positions ahead of 2023. “For instance, how do you explain a situation where Agballa picked Senatorial and House of Representatives candidates from same local government Area? Does that show any seriousness that he wants APC to win elections. “For crying out loud, how can someone who calls himself a serious Chairman of a political party replace the candidacy of a seasoned journalist and broadcaster, like Prince VinMatin Obiora Ilo, who has the capacity to win election, with a woman who is a PDP mole. “How can a serious political party that wants to really win election, field an unpopular woman that is married to someone from another State to come and unseat a former governor of Enugu State and incumbent Senator, representing Enugu East Senatorial district, Senator Chimaroke Nnamani? You know it’s not possible in Nkanu land, let’s be sincere to ourselves. These are antics by Agballa. “Another funny and political blunder committed by Agballa because of his selfish interest is the imposition of an Ambassador that just retired about few months ago and do not understand the political terrain in the State. “Agballa imposed the former envoy as the APC Senatorial candidate for Enugu North zone, where he will slug it out with the incumbent Governor, Chief Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, among other areas. “Though, we know Agballa is working for the PDP, we have all the information and data of the contracts he is executing for the ruling party in the State, but at the appropriate time, we will expose him. “We won’t allow him to destroy the party we laboured so much to nurture in the State. And that is why we are still calling on the national leadership of our great party to beam its searchlight on Enugu APC before it is too late. “Last time, Agballa, while entertaining himself and his co-travellers, announced that he has suspended some key stakeholders in our State from the party, including our financiers, such as the immediate past Chairman and serving Federal Commissioner, Dr. Ben Nwoye, a former Military governor of Gombe State, Group Captain Joe Orji, among others. “We are asking, is there any party man that is sincere or committed to his party that will be making such pronouncement in an election year? That is why we are saying that Agballa is a gambler and a PDP mole, so Buyers beware,” they further cautioned.