Manchester United legend, Rio Ferdinand has hit out at the club while defending Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portugal international missed Manchester United training for the third day in a row. Ronaldo has informed Man United that he wishes to leave the club this summer amid concerns he will be unable to compete in the Champions League next season and the club’s current situation in the ongoing summer transfer window. Recall that Man United will play in the Europa League next season, and apart from youngster Tyrell Malacia, they are yet to sign any big-name player this season. But Ferdinand has now hit out at Man United, saying the Red Devils are slow in the ongoing summer transfer market as Ronaldo doesn’t know the Europa League soundtrack. “Of course, he is not happy!’ Ferdinand said on his FIVE YouTube Channel. “You are talking about Cristiano Ronaldo here! I don’t understand how it’s a big story that Cristiano Ronaldo is not happy with the way things are at Man United. He can’t be. I wouldn’t be. “Anyone who wants to win football matches or trophies, anyone who is used to winning and competing every year at the top of the table for the biggest prizes, and then all of a sudden isn’t – and doesn’t even qualify for the Champions League – you can’t sit here and expect them to be happy. “He’s not happy with missing out on the Champions League, he doesn’t even know what the Europa League soundtrack sounds like! When that comes on, he’s going to be thinking, “what dance am I in here?”‘ He added, “Wherever he is in the world and seeing Man City signing Haaland. Seeing Liverpool signing Nunez, among other players. Phillips has gone to City as well.” “He will be sitting there thinking ‘we had work to do to catch these guys anyway before these big signings and now they are jumping even further away from us’. “We are slow out of the blocks in the transfer market. There will have been work going on behind the scenes at Man United but we are all human, we are all impatient and we all want it done.”