The Imo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has described as provocative to see the state governor, Sen. Hope Uzodinma and few members of the APC from the State and neighbouring Southeast States, allegedly partying with exotic wines and champagne, in denial of the realities of the mood of the State. The opposition party said it was saddened that while the effect of the cold blooded killing of the innocent youths of Otulu in Oru East Local Government Area continues to reverberate, Senator Hope Uzodinma went ahead with the South-East APC Banquet held at the Posh Banquet Hall, Rockview hotel, Owerri. PDP in a statement issued by its State publicity secretary, Emenike Nmeregini, on Monday, said Ndi Imo cannot wait to see the end of the nightmare the Senator Hope Uzodinma represents The opposition party said there were reports that entreaties were made to Governor Uzodinma by critical stakeholders in the State, including the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Ohaneze Youths, Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) among others, but he refused The release read,” The I-dont-care, nothing-de-happen attitude of the Governor since the widely condemned, gruesome murder of over 20 innocent youths – his own kinsmen by his Ebubeagu militia has become more glaring that he cares less of 10, 000 innocent lives lost, under his watch, since he broke into the Government House in January, 2020. “Governor Uzodinma’s reaction to the alarming insecurity in the State, especially the recent Otulu massacre, confirms his tacit complicity to the reign of terror and blood letting in Imo State. “It is incontrovertible that this governor has serially refused to welcome and implement wise counsels, strategies and solutions, proffered by the Peoples Democratic Party in Imo State and that of other patriotic stakeholders towards addressing the nagging insecurity and collapse of government in Imo State. “While the governor has not only shown deliberate lack of empathy to families of the victims of the massacre, he has deliberately refused to extend solidarity to their families on behalf of the government and people of Imo State.” The PDP said it would continue to grieve with the good people of Oru East LGA and Ndi Imo in this time of grief and urge them not to despair. “The darkest hours are usually just before the dawn. This too shall pass and Ndi Imo shall be happy again,” the opposition party averred.