A ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) Chieftain and former Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism in Niger State, Mr. Jonathan Vatsa has noted that the latest viral video of victims of the Kaduna-Abuja train attack is capable of creating an impression in minds of citizens that the Nigerian Army and other security agencies have no power to secure the release of the victims and other kidnapped victims across the country. Reacting to a new viral video showing suspected members of the Islamic State of West African Province (ISWAP) torturing the remaining victims of the Abuja-Kaduna train attack, Vatsa in a statement described the video as a huge embarrassment not only to the government but the entire Nigerians home and in the diaspora. The statement argued,” there is no country in the world where a government will watch and deliberately refuse to protect the lives of its citizens like the current situation in Nigeria” “It is unfortunate that this government that the Nigerian masses brought into power through their votes will create an impression in the minds of Nigerians that the Army and other security agencies have no power to secure the release of these train victims and other kidnapped victims across the country”. The former APC publicity secretary in the state insisted that the terrorists are in Nigerian territory and the government can not tell Nigerians that it does not know where they are. He also accused the President of always issuing political directives to security agencies through their heads without any action being taken. The statement maintained, ” I think this is a deliberate plan to enrich a particular ethnic tribe through proceeds of crime and criminality. The government is refusing to go after them, rather Nigerians should go and pay ransom in millions to secure the release of their loved ones, an indirect way of empowering an ethnic tribe economically.” “With these train victims still in captivity, do we still have a government in the country? This government has no moral justification to ask for Nigerians’ votes in 2023. It is not possible because what will you tell Nigerians when you go to campaign? when you go to ask for their votes?”. It added, ” I want to appeal to the government of Nigeria, Kano and Benue States to rally around the families of Major-General Idris Garba whose entire family is still with the terrorists. General Garba who is from Niger, was a military administrator of Kano and Benue states”.