The Director-General of National Commission for Museums and Monuments (NCMM) Prof Abba ISA Tija has called on Governor Benedict Ayade of Cross River State to remove the crossbar placed at the entrance into the Old Residency, name for the Calabar Museum. The Governor placed the crossbar about five years ago sighting insecurity concerns around his official residence and Federal Government lodges. The blockade has barred tourists, researchers, school students and fun seekers from accessing the ancient museum. The Old Residency, which is the first seat of Nigeria’s political power, used to be a beehive of activities. The Director-General was represented by Madam Victoria Osuagwu, Director of monuments and sightings. She spoke at the official launch of The Ancient Rock Art of Nigeria, which is a travel exhibition of rock artworks, sponsored by the US Consulate in Nigeria. The Director-General said that the blockade had deprived the Old Residency useful revenue to augment the maintenance of the historic facility. “The restriction of stream of visitors by the Governor into the museum has impacted against Its revenues. Lack of revenue has also affected maintenance of the place. It has also stopped young students, researchers and tourists from learning about Nigeria’s artifacts and colonial history. “Our appeal to the governor to lift the blockade is passionate and one that will rejuvenate the place for learning and for generation of income. “Opening up of the road that leads into the museum will increase traffic of tourists, boost revenue for the State as well”, she insisted. In a remark, acting consul General of US Consulate in Nigeria, James Suor, said they have a special fund for preservation of assorted monuments and arts. Vice Chancellor of University of Calabar, Prof Florence Obi, represented by the Deputy VC, Prof Michael Okom expressed happiness for the huge investments by the consulate and said the University was ready to cooperate with them to further promote rock arts and other forms of historical exhibitions and research.