Some university researchers have enjoined the federal government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari to embark on gathering necessary information in order to cater for the needs of the internally displaced persons in the Northeast geo-political zone. The researchers under the umbrella of University of Ibadan Data and Displacement Research Team, explained that a sound data ecosystem is needed in Nigeria to improve the lives of the IDPs. The researchers also revealed that no fewer than 2.9 million Nigerians have been displaced as a result of Boko Haram insurgency and other violent crimes in Northeast states like Borno, Adamawa and Yobe. DAILY POST learnt that Boko Haram insurgency which has spread to most of the states in the Northeast started in 2009 in Borno State. The insurgency has claimed lives of thousands of Nigerians. However, the team in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday advised Buhari to invest in technological infrastructure. The team noted that this would help to make data collection on IDPs coherent to improve their welfare and conditions. The team revealed that funds available to humanitarian assistance in Nigeria was too little to tackle the enormity of the challenges facing IDPs. They also added that humanitarian assistance must move beyond attending to basic needs of the IDPs. Team Lead investigator of the project funded by the United Kingdom Arts and Humanities Research Council and led by Professor Vicki Squire of the University of Warwick, Dr Olufunke Fayehun, explained that coherent data collection on IDPs in Nigeria will guide against wastages. Fayehun, who lectures in the department of Sociology, University of Ibadan added that accurate data collection on IDPs would help to ensure that the IDPs benefit from the ethical data collected to further their welfare. She added that displacement by armed conflict has extended consequences on those affected, including mortality, multiple displacements, loss of livelihood and supportive existential systems. Fayehun said, “As you know, there are more than 2.9 million internally displaced persons in North-eastern Nigeria, a significant location of armed conflicts in the country. “This has led to extended consequences, including mortality, multiple displacements, loss of livelihood and supportive existential systems. “While the focus of many humanitarian and diplomatic interventions in IDP camps in Nigeria has been on immediate livelihood issues such as feeding, medical care, clothing and shelter, key stakeholders have communicated the need for a robust data ecosystem to support such interventions”. The co-investigator, Dr Olayinka Akanle in his own remarks tasked the federal government to improve the coordination activities on IDPs. Akanle who also lectures in the department of Sociology at the University of Ibadan added that the government should go further to create awareness of data gathering among the affected persons. Akanle said, “Improve the coordination of activities, efforts and resources of stakeholders towards providing technological and infrastructural facilities as well as improve capacities for efficient and ethical data collection, storage and utilization.”