The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission and Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Commission (ICPC) have rejected a proposal in the ongoing amendment of Administration of Criminal justice Act (ACJA) to submit a case file of a matter to the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF). The Senate in the amendment of ACJA had proposed that a case file be submitted to the Attorney General of the Federation. But, Chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Abdulrasheed Bawa, kicked against the provision in the bill, while appearing before the Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters chaired by Senator Opeyemi Bamidele during public hearing on a bill to amend Administration of Criminal justice Act and six bills on Wednesday. EFCC Chairman said the provision would constitute undue interference by the Office of the Attorney-General of the Federation who is a political appointee. The EFCC in a memorandum presented said, “This will constitute undue interference by the Office of the Auditor General of the Federation who is also the Minister of Justice and a political appointee, in the work of the law enforcement agencies.” The representative of ICPC chairman , Prof. Bolaji Owosanoye said that the agency also supported all the positions of the EFCC in the amendment of the bill. The anti-graft agencies also kicked against provision for the freezing of accounts under investigation for a period of 14-days by exparte order, saying the section is unnecessary as it would impede the activities of the investigating agencies, even as freezing of account contains proceeds of crime. In his opening remark, Senator Bamidele said the bill sought to establish the Administration of Criminal Justice Monitoring Council as obtainable in other jurisdictions, similar to the Bureau of Justice in the United States of America and the London Criminal Justice Board. He said, “The bill also seeks to establish the Administration of Criminal Justice Monitoring Council as obtainable in other jurisdictions, similar to the Bureau of Justice in the United States of America and the London Criminal Justice Board. “This is with a view to delivering a fair, efficient and effective criminal justice service in Nigeria and to improve outcomes, through active partnership.” The Chairman also submitted that all the memorandum submitted by the various stakeholders will be looked at critically before submitting the report before the Senate. It could be recalled that the Bill was sponsored by Senator Orji Kalu in December 2021 and forwarded to the Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters.