Popular Onitsha-based pastor, Chukwuemeka Odumeje, also known as Indaboski Bahose who was manhandled by security agents in Onitsha while his church was being demolished has been condemned for trying to stop the process. Odumeje’s church had in March this year been identified by the Anambra State government as one of the buildings sitting on drainage channels and marked for demolition. Prof Chukwuma Soludo, Anambra State governor had visited Okpoko, a sprawling slum in Onitsha, a day after his swearing-in, and pledged to sanitize the area by ensuring that drainages are free. During Thursday’s demolition exercise, sources said Odumeje had attempted to stop the officials of the state government from demolishing his church when he was manhandled by security men who accompanied the demolition team. A video trending online showed the comic cleric being shoved around by security men, including police officers and men of the vigilante service. He was severally slapped, and restricted from moving to the demolition area by armed security men. The video, has, however, sparked mixed reactions among Nigerians on social media, with many condemning the treatment of the cleric, saying it was unfair to manhandle him. Some other commentators said the treatment served him right as he had himself severally invaded shrines that were considered sacred and known to be places of worship for others and destroyed it. Attempts to speak with the chief press secretary to the Anambra State Governor, Mr Christian Aburime for reactions were not successful. Odumeje came to the limelight through videos of his comic preachings, and bizarre style of healing, where he imitates WWE heavy-weight wrestlers by smacking down his members for healing. The cleric also claims to have many hidden powers, which he said were yet to be touched. He is known to be more of a comedian than a preacher to many than a pastor. Houses sitting on drainages being demolished in Onitsha. I feel for Odumeje, but it’s what it is. The will of the Governor @CCSoludo seems resolute. @OgbajiIfeanyi pic.twitter.com/WlzO9hR4WB — Ugo Maduagwu (@UgoMaduagwu) July 7, 2022 