The Zamfara State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) said it received with utmost pleasure, the dismissal of the Appeal and Cross Appeal filed by Mahadi Aliyu Gusau demanding the removal of Governor Matawalle as the governor of Zamfara by the Appeal Court, Sokoto Division. According to a statement signed by the State’s publicity secretary of the party, Comrade Yusuf Idris Gusau, the development followed the judgment delivered by the Appeal Court, Sokoto, presided over by Justice A A Gumel, affirming the earlier judgment of the Federal High Court, Gusau, which held that Governor Matawalle can’t be removed from office simply because he defected from PDP to the APC. “The Court of Appeal in a unanimous judgment, held that Governor Matawalle has the right to defect to any political party of his choice. The Court also held that the provision of the Constitution is very clear to the effect that no punishment was provided against a governor who defects to another party,” he said. “More so, it has indicated that Governor Matawalle can’t vacate his seat and no Court of law can remove him just because of his decision to defect to another political party of his choice. “Similarly, the Court while dismissing the Cross Appeal filed by Barr Mahadi Aliyu Gusau, the impeached former deputy governor of the State, held that Mahadi Aliyu Gusau can’t succeed Matawalle merely because he defected from PDP to APC. “The Court added that once a governor is sworn in, he ceases to be under the control of the political party which sponsored him,” he said. The Court of Appeal awarded ten million naira cost in favour of the 1st and 2nd Respondents in the main appeal” “The two judgments were delivered by Justice A. A. Gumel, the Presiding Justice of the Court of Appeal, Sokoto Division” “The other justices who concurred with the judgment were Justice Mukhtar and Justice Dan-Juma. “The party is happy with the judgment and the court has proved that the judiciary is working towards protecting every citizen’s right according to the law of land. “With the judgment, however, the PDP has been totally grounded with no option than to accept the grand loss at all levels. “Because APC is waxing stronger and more formidable under the chairmanship of Hon. Tukur Umar Danfulani, with support of APC leader in the State, Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle, the scare will increase at the PDP house, but our doors shall remain open to receive anyone who realizes that the APC is the way to go,” he stated.