Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court, on Thursday, adjourned the trial of a former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, on charges of conspiracy and organ harvest. With the adjournment, the lawmaker will remain in custody until his next court date on July 7, 2022. 2. The Nigerian Army has confirmed the attack in Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State by bandits who killed scores of security operatives, including soldiers and police. Report has it that 43 people, including 30 soldiers and seven mobile police personnel and civilians were killed when the armed men stormed the Gold mining site. 3. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), says it will embark on a one-day nationwide protest to compel the Federal Government to find immediate resolutions to contending issues with education sector unions. The NLC President, Mr Ayuba Wabba, stated this in Abuja yesterday. 4. The House of Representatives has passed for second reading a bill to establish the election offences tribunal. The bill, which is a consolidation of several bills including a Senate version, was debated upon on Thursday. 5. Following the crisis that engulfed the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) over the choice of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa as vice presidential candidate of the opposition party, the Presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, has vowed to put in place measures to placate all aggrieved members. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has said Nigeria is ready to fill the natural gas gaps in Europe predicated by the current Russian-Ukrainian war. The President spoke about the country’s readiness Thursday in his statement on areas of cooperation between Nigeria and Portugal delivered at the Presidential Palace in Lisbon. 7. Governors who are members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) from the North-West and other zonal leaders have met over the vice presidential slot of the ruling party. The zonal stakeholders from the North West boasted that the zone is the biggest political region in the country, adding that it produced more votes for the ruling party in the last elections. 8. Kinsmen of a former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, have demanded that due process be followed in his ongoing trial over alleged organ harvesting in the United Kingdom. The group made the call in a statement on Thursday in Enugu signed by the traditional leaders of Mpu communities. 9. Tension engulfed communities, towns and cities in Ondo State on Thursday following the rumour that bandits were preparing to attack Ilara-Mokin community in the Ifedore Local Government Area of the State. The apprehension among residents was hinged on a rumoured letter allegedly sent to Adaba FM, a popular radio station in the State over plans by bandits to launch an attack in the community. 10. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency on Thursday confirmed the arrest of a suspected drug dealer, Celina Ekeke, in Obunku community, Oyigbo Local Government Area of Rivers State. The spokesperson for the agency in the State, Emmanuel Ogbumgbada, in a statement, said the female suspect was arrested with 24 sacks of cannabis sativa weighing 231.2kg.