Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has told his immediate family, particularly, his children that he is not leaving anything for them to inherit. Buhari, who is expected to bow out of office as President in May 2023, insisted that the only legacy he hopes to bequeath to them is proper education. 2. Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba has ordered a ban on the use of SPY Vehicle Number Plates across the country. A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, said irrespective of whether it is authorized or not, all SPY Vehicle Number Plates have been revoked indefinitely. 3. Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has dismissed the claim of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Babachir Lawal, that the Ganduje Foundation is being used to forcefully convert Christians to Islam. In a statement by the State Commissioner for Information, Muhammad Garba on his behalf, Ganduje said the comment was totally false. 4. Mua’zu Danladi, a 25-year-old man, who is a relation of ex-Governor Ahmad Adamu Mua’zu, has been shot dead at Boto village of Tafawa Balewa Local Government Area of Bauchi State. Danladi was killed when gunmen invaded the residence of Muazu’s family members in the early hours of Wednesday. 5. Operatives of the Ogun Police Command have arrested one of the inmates who escaped from the Kuje Correctional Center in Abuja. The Police Command in Ogun State said in a statement issued yesterday by its spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, that one of the escaped inmates, Yakubu AbdulMumuni, was arrested on Monday. 6. Thirteen political parties, on Wednesday, signed a peace accord to ensure peaceful conduct of Saturday’s governorship election in Osun State. Speaking at the ceremony organised by the National Peace Committee in Osogbo, Bishop Matthew Kukah urged all political parties featuring in the election to work towards peace. 7. Loyalists of the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, have said the party’s vice-presidential candidate, Kashim Shettima, will not be dropped in spite of criticism over his appointment. Various groups campaigning for Tinubu, yesterday faulted those berating the party over Muslim-Muslim ticket. 8. A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Ebun Adegboruwa, has warned Nigerians against electing former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, as the president of Nigeria in 2023. He made this known in a statement on Wednesday. The lawyer accused Atiku of being desperate, saying that “PDP cannot be trusted with Nigeria’s constitution”. 9. Goods and property estimated at millions of naira were destroyed late Tuesday when fire consumed a section of the Eke Market, Amangbala community, in the Afikpo North Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. As the fire raged, it was gathered that efforts by traders to salvage their goods were abortive. 10. The Federal Government yesterday accused the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) of unilaterally fixing the salaries of lecturers. It also said there was no Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) between both parties yet.