By Emmanuel Uzodinma and Eunice Udeh Ahead of the 2023 general elections, political stakeholders in Enugu State have formed an alliance. At the formal inauguration of the group, Enugu State Polling Booth Vanguard, the stakeholders drawn from the All Progressives Congress, APC, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, the Labour Party, LP, among others said they were shopping for credible candidates for the various elective positions. A co-convener of the group, Comrade Adolphus Ude told journalists at the venue of the event that the political group is made up of political leaders desirous of embarking on a search for credible candidates ahead of the 2023 elections. He said the membership was not limited to one political party, noting that it was borne out of the desire to make sure that the people have the best people emerge as elected leaders in 2023. Ude, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the State, said the group is across party lines, and “our interest is to support a credible candidate irrespective of party affiliation.” “You can see people from all the major political parties here; we are here to achieve one purpose. The Enugu State Polling Unit Vanguard has been established from ward to the State level. And our purpose is to shop for credible candidates and guide the residents appropriately. “We want credible candidates with competent and trustworthy past records, irrespective of political party. “So, the goal of the Enugu State Polling Unit Vanguard is to give directions to voters, especially from the grassroot with little political knowledge, to support the most credible leaders best for the State and the nation,” Ude stated. Ude further hinted that at the appropriate time, manifestos of all the candidates and their political parties would be analyzed and the best ones would be picked. “This organization is going to be responsible for the search for credible candidates that will be the Governor of Enugu State and other positions come 2023,” he added. He said the organization, founded this year 2022, would be giving directions to the electorate, adding that it would be a leading force to optimally mobilize voters at the grassroots to support credible candidates, irrespective of political affiliation and creed. Apart from Ude, other conveners include: Lolo Queen Nwankwo, Ochiora Amaka Okonkwo, Engr, Obed Eneh, Hon, Nelson Uduji, among others. Some of the notable politicians, who sent representatives to the occasion included former Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Chief Dubem Onyia, 2023 PDP presidential flagbearer, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, immediate past Chairman of APC in the State, Dr. Ben Nwoye, PDP governorship candidate in the State, Barr. Peter Mba, among others. In a brief remark, a former member of the State House of Assembly, and co-convener of the group, Hon. Nelson Uduji, called on the members to take the project very seriously for the interest of the State. He revealed that the members of the newly formed group were people from various political parties in Enugu State who have the desire of electing right candidates across all political platforms in the State come 2023. The ex-lawmaker said one of the interesting objectives of the organization was to mobilize votes for credible candidates in the State during the forthcoming general election.