Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Bandits have abducted a pregnant woman at Lema community, Mando, opposite Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) in Kaduna State. Seven other persons were kidnapped when the bandits entered three houses around 1:00 am on Sunday. 2. The Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD) Election Analysis Centre (EAC) has urged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to replicate the successes of the June 18 and July 16 governorship elections in Ekiti and Osun States in the coming 2023 general elections. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari and other politicians have congratulated Ademola Adeleke for winning the just concluded gubernatorial election in Osun State. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, had on Sunday declared Ademola winner of the election. 4. The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr Iyorchia Ayu, Sunday, said the victory of Ademola Adeleke in the Osun Governorship election is a sign of what is to come in 2023. Ayu in a statement said the “election was a referendum on the disastrous All Progressives Congress (APC) stewardship and proves conclusively that Nigerians want PDP back. And, indeed, PDP is coming!” 5. A banditry kingpin, known as Ado Aleiro was on Saturday turbaned as Sarkin Fulanin Yandoto by the Yandoton Daji Emirate in Zamfara State. The turbaning ceremony was held hours after the emirate announced the suspension of the process. 6. A former spokesman of the Senate, Senator Dayo Adeyeye, has said the emergence of Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Kashim Shettima as presidential candidate and running mate, respectively, of the APC for the 2023 polls is not an agenda to Islamise Nigeria. According to him, there is nothing satanic about the choice of the running mate. 7. Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi and his running mate, Datti Baba-Ahmed met former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Sunday. Obasanjo received the 2023 candidates at his residence in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. 8. The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Abdullahi Adamu, says he will never underrate the power of the opposition parties, including the Labour Party, ahead of next year’s elections. Adamu, in an interview on Sunday, said his experience in politics had taught him never to underestimate the powers of his rivals. 9. An All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain in Lagos, Kemi Nelson has passed away. The 66-year-old politician and ex-federal government official died on Sunday. 10. Members of the Osun State All Progressives Congress loyal to the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola have said the State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola’s fight with them cost him his re-election. Members of the faction, known as The Osun Progressives, spoke in separate interviews yesterday.