Whether you’re a fresh graduate from a Nigerian University or someone who’s been in the job market for years – job hunting is tough. Have you thought of rethinking your approach to finding a job? There’s no denying it – searching for jobs in Nigeria really is a full-time job in itself and, alas, it doesn’t get much easier as you get older. Feeling a bit like a waste of time and getting nowhere with it? Sometimes, it can be helpful to recoil back and really think about your approach before bashing out the job applications. The job market in Nigeria is really difficult and taking a different angle can give you a fresh boost of confidence if you’re feeling in a rut, and hopefully find you that job opportunity you have always been searching for Our main word of advice to job searchers in Nigeria is this: don’t just think in terms of ticking the boxes and meeting the criteria that an employer is looking for. Applying for jobs is about really showing your usefulness to a potential employer – why should they pick you over other applicants? Think about how you are different from the crowd This is often overlooked by students and graduates who search for jobs by dropping impersonal CVs and cover letters into high street retail stores and bars. How you would handle the application process is a reflection of the kind of employee you are: come across like you’re not putting the effort in at this stage of the game, and it won’t impress anyone. Also, try as much as possible not to let failed applications knock your confidence too much. Remember the theory of ‘survival of the fittest’ in secondary school? Well, this applies very well to the job market too. Those who are willing to be flexible (in approach) and take each rejection letter like water off a duck’s back are likely to succeed. Keep reminding yourself of this! Here are few tips for you on finding a Job To get you started on your whole new job search in Nigeria, smarter approach to job hunting, here are 10 tips that you may never have thought of when attempting to nail that student or graduate job application. You can get daily job vacancies from https://www.recruitmentwing.com.ng/category/jobs/