The family of a 14-year-old female student of Federal Government Girls College, Oyo, has demanded justice over the alleged sexual abuse of their ward. DAILY POST gathered that the student was allegedly abused by one of the teachers in the school, Mr. Timothy Alayoteti. FGGC, Oyo is one of the secondary schools owned and controlled by the Federal Government. The family of one of the students that have been allegedly molested by one of the teachers called on the concerned authorities to prevail over the matter so as to get justice for the student. One of the family members, Mercy Gabriel, who addressed journalists at the weekend, noted that the student has been traumatised as a result of the incident. She said that the family was more pained by the action of the principal of the school, who she alleged, did nothing to expose the accused teacher after the case was reported to her. She added that the suspect has been arrested by the police and detained at the State Criminal Investigation Department, Iyaganku, Ibadan. Gabriel who spoke during a press conference attended by representatives of the Parents Forum of the school alleged that the suspect has been molesting the female student since when she was 12 years old. Gabriel said, “My sister came home with her siblings but she was moody, so I asked her what happened and persuaded her to talk to me but she did not. “I was surprised when my parents went to the school and the school principal said the incident was just a mere rumour, also, no legal action was taken, we were forced to report the incident to the police in Oyo. “He has been molesting the girl since she was in Junior Secondary School (class three) when she was 12 years old. “He has damaged the girl physically and psychologically. Timothy has been arrested and detained at the State Criminal Investigation Department, Iyaganku, Ibadan.” All efforts made by DAILY POST to get a reaction from the school proved to be abortive. But, the Public Relations Officer of the state police command, Adewale Osifeso, confirmed the incident to DAILY POST on Sunday. He added that investigation is ongoing. He said, “Investigation is ongoing, you would be updated accordingly, please”.