Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has returned to the country from France. Tinubu travelled to France on June 27 reportedly for “important meetings”. 2. Six alleged top financiers of Boko Haram and ISWAP were among the inmates set free by the terrorists who invaded the Kuje Correctional Centre, Abuja on Tuesday night, it was gathered yesterday. Security sources described the alleged financiers as sponsors of the two terrorist organisations. 3. Billionaire American businessman, Elon Musk, says he is terminating the $44 billion Twitter deal. In a letter Mike Ringler, a lawyer sent to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Musk’s behalf, the businessman said, “Twitter has not complied with its contractual obligations.” 4. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, has explained why he would not prioritise probing the previous administration if he emerged president in 2023. He said this on Friday in Abuja while answering questions after he formally unveiled Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed as his running mate for the 2023 elections. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has assured Nigerians that he would not rest until they get relief, in view of the current security challenges and cost of living in the country. The President gave the assurance in his Eid-el Kabir message to Nigerian Muslims and other citizens. 6. Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has said the Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has agreed to pick a Muslim Vice Presidential candidate. There have been concerns about the Muslim-Muslim ticket, with stakeholders and critics taking different positions. 7. The Federal Government has said the security personnel deployed to man Medium Security Custodial Centre, Kuje, in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) did their best to repel the terrorists’ attack but were subdued. The Minister of Police Affairs, Mohammed Dingyadi, said this yesterday. 8. Political horse-trading continued on Friday in Port Harcourt, Rivers State as Governors of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) met with Governor Nyesom Wike. Governors Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos), Oluwarotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti) were among those who stormed the Ada George residence of their Rivers counterpart. 9. The Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Friday, married the daughter of President Muhammadu Buhari, Nana Hadiza, in a private ceremony. A Spokesman for the President, Garba Shehu, confirmed this to our correspondent on Friday. 10. The Kwara State Police Command on Friday said it rescued a Chinese national abducted at a Quarry in Shao in Moro Local Government Area of the state by suspected gunmen last week Saturday. The gunmen who attacked the people at the Quarry shot dead an inspector and injured another officer while the Chinese national was taken away.