Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A delegation from a United States-based National Democratic Institute (NDI) and International Republican Institute (IRI) has said Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso and Peter Obi may force the 2023 contest into a re-run. The institute said the 2023 elections would be a departure from some of the political dynamics that defined previous elections in Nigeria. 2. The Senior Staff Association of Nigeria Polytechnic (SSANIP) has directed its members to join the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) in its proposed nationwide protest over the unresolved Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) strike. The protest is expected to take place next week 3. Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON) have alerted members of the flying public of the shortage of aviation fuel, saying this would result in flight disruptions across the country. In a statement, the Spokesman of AON, Prof. Obiora Okonkwo, disclosed that the aviation sector has been hit by a major crisis with the acute scarcity of aviation fuel otherwise known as Jet-A1. 4. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has pasted the name and credentials of Sadiq Wali as the gubernatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kano State. This has led to confusion among members of the party loyal to the state executive led by Shehu Sagagi. 5. Former Vice-President, Atiku Abubakar has said the Muslim-Muslim ticket made him reject Asiwaju Bola Tinubu when he wanted to be his running mate in 2007. Atiku, who served as the deputy to ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo between 1999 and 2007, said this in an interview with Arise TV yesterday. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has urged the electorate to vote the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the next general elections to ensure continuity in the polity, and stability in the country and the West African region. He said this Friday while receiving a delegation from Nasarawa State led by Governor Abdullahi Sule at the State House, Abuja. 7. A High Court sitting in Abuja has ordered the remand of the former Accountant-General of the Federation (AGF) Ahmed Idris, in Kuje prison over his alleged involvement in the illegal diversion of public funds to the tune of about N109 billion. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of three new Permanent Secretaries in the Federal Civil Service. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, Dr. Folasade Yemi-Esan, made this known on Friday in Abuja. 9. The Police in Niger State have paraded one Bashiru Abdullahi, a notorious kidnap kingpin from Bangi Mariga Local Government Area. He is allegedly behind the killing of his younger brother, Mamuda Abdullahi, aged 35 years. 10. No fewer than fifty persons have allegedly been kidnapped by armed terrorists in Kuchi, Munya local government area, Niger State. It was gathered that the terrorists in their large numbers invaded the town at about 2am on Friday and abducted a mass of people.