The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, has described the victory of Ademola Adeleke and his declaration as the Osun governor-elect as a confirmation of his grassroots popularity in the state which he must reward with good governance driven by rule of law, fear of God and selfless service to the people. The Ooni, who admonished the governor-elect to carry everybody on board as a people’s leader who has no time for vendetta which will make him lose focus on his plans for the state, also wanted him not to patronise the sycophantic behaviours of hypocrites who may want to selfishly misadvise him while pretending to be his loyalists. This was made known by the Ooni in a statement signed by his Director of Media and Public Affairs, Moses Olafare, on Monday. According to the statement, “Senator Ademola Adeleke has been around for some time and his eventual victory is an opportunity for him to execute his election promises as much as possible. “I urge him to be magnanimous in victory and justify the mandate of our people which confirms his grassroots popularity by ensuring that Osun indigenes enjoy maximum dividends of democracy and good governance driven by rule of law, fear of God, and selfless service to the people. “Mr Governor-Elect must avoid being misled by hypocrisy and sycophancy of some arrogant political lieutenants’ who may want to instigate him against merely perceived political enemies both in his party and in the opposition parties. Vendetta is capable of derailing a leader.” The traditional ruler also hailed the state governor, Adegboyega Oyetola for his peace-loving character with which he comported himself before, during, and after the election. He described him as a perfect gentleman who kept his promise made recently at the peace accord meeting that he was not going to act as a desperate politician but would only remain as a simple political leader in all ramifications. Ooni Ogunwusi also praised the Osun electorate for the peaceful manner in which they voted for their preferred candidates. The monarch in the statement also lauded the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).