Popular media personality and comedian, Mr Macaroni has called for an investigation into alleged sex for role allegations in the Nigerian entertainment industry. Macaroni in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) also said appropriate sanctions should be meted on culprits involved in the act. He said it was disgusting and absolutely abominable and should not be swept under the carpet. ”I’ve always spoken against it, even before I attained this position being a public figure. I have kicked against it, I have a series of tweets against it, I have lots of content to speak against it, it is highly disrespectful and highly degrading, and it reeks of how much we have lost touch with humanity. “People should get roles and jobs based on competence, based on the fact that they are able to deliver. How many people will you sleep with?” He added that there should be consequences for such actions rather than turning a blind eye. “There should be consequences for reprehensible behaviour to do better. If not, if they are found guilty, I want to believe there are appropriate punishments to address this. “And it cuts across, it’s not just sex, somebody will ask you to go and bring money for a job; if they have money will they be looking for jobs, we shouldn’t ruin the lives of others too,” Macaroni said. On advice for talents going through such, he advised that they stay true to themselves and remain consistent. “For such up and coming artiste, take a look at Mr Macaroni, I will advise you to look at my life and my journey, success doesn’t come once. “I started acting as far back as 2012 or even 2010, but by God’s grace, people started to know me in 2019, don’t be in a hurry. “Time and chance happen to all man, continue with your journey, success will not come to you on a platter of gold, you have to work for it. “Don’t believe that you have to sell your body or do anything inappropriate to get to that height, work hard and keep believing, by God’s grace you will get to the desired height,” he added