Secretary to the government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha has ordered back to site the contractor handling a major road passing through his home town, Hong, Adamawa State. He berated the contractor handling the rehabilitation of the Yola-Mubi Road, insisting that it must remobilise and complete the much delayed project without further delay. The 194-km Yola-Mubi rehabilitation, awarded five years ago is less than 50 percent completed, making a journey between the two biggest towns in the state, Yola and Mubi, a nightmare. Uncompleted parts of the road have become much worse than they were when the contract was awarded in 2017. Boss Mustapha who took time off his Sallah holiday to inspect the project, expressed displeasure over the level of work by the contractor, AG Vision Nigeria Ltd. He said, “I am very disappointed with your performance. It is government that owes contractor and not contractor owing government. “This contract of Yola-Mubi road was awarded in 2017 for N22 billion for a 24-month completion period. Because of the slow pace of work, there was a review and this year another N29 billion was approved. We do not want another review, the company must return to site.” The Yola-Mubi Road is a strategic highway along which many of Adamawa’s major towns are situated, namely the University town of Girei, Song which also lies within Central Adamawa, as well as Gombi, Hong, Maraba-Mubi/Kwarhi and Mubi in northern Adamawa. Stressing that money has not been the problem as enough funding had been mobilised, he charged the contractor to return to site immediately after the Sallah holiday as he would be back within a week to check progress. Also speaking, the Minister of Transport overseeing the Ministry of Works, Mua’zu Sambo Aji, equally expressed dissatisfaction, saying the management of AG Vision is exhibiting incompitence.” Francis Musa, the site engineer of the company, attributed the halt in work to the Salah break and assured that work would resume after the holiday. DAILY POST recalls that earlier in 2019, the Federal Government had similarly complained about the execution of the Yola-Hong-Mubi Road rehabilitation. The Federal Controller of Works in Adamawa State, Abubakar Salihu had said in January 2019 that the work was only 15.1 percent completed after the contractor had spent 88 percent of the time envisaged for it.