As the Osun State governorship election kicks off, the National Legal Adviser of the Accord Party, Maxwell Mgbudem has said only a free and credible election would be acceptable. He called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), security agencies and other stakeholders participating in the governorship election to resist pressure that could lead to the rigging of the election. In a statement he issued on Friday, and sent to DAILY POST in Abuja, Mgbudem, who is also the Deputy National Chairman of the Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC), emphasized the need for politicians and other key stakeholders, to uphold a free and fair contest in the election. This, he said, “is the only way the people of Osun can accept the outcome of the election as a true reflection of the wishes of the majority”, even as he condemned the increasing menace of vote buying by politicians. He charged law enforcement agents to apprehend anyone culpable, irrespective of social status, saying “Accord has a viable and popular candidate in the election”. He also charged voters to reject the temptation of selling their votes for financial reward but to vote their conscience based on the candidate they consider can bring development and succour in line with the yearnings and aspirations of the Osun people. While he cautioned against the danger of conflagration which may arise from any attempt to subvert the popular choice of the voters, Mgbudem explained that democracy is worthless if it does not reflect the desire and true mandate of the majority of the citizens. He challenged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the Civil Society Organization (CSOs), police, Civil Defense, political parties, politicians, local and international election observers, to be on guard and ensure that voters are not disenfranchised, the exercise starts as at when scheduled, and that the outcome is acceptable to all participants. This, he said, is the least that the people of Osun will accept, adding that anything short of it will be a call to anarchy, which may worsen the tension in the country. He said how the Osun governorship election turns out will go a long way to determine the zeal and enthusiasm with which Nigerians generally will participate in the 2023 general election, arguing that both INEC and security agencies should not mismanage the litmus test which he said the Osun poll represents ahead of 2023.