There are strongs indications that a plan by Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki to build a modern museum to house some of the stolen artifacts, recently returned to the state from Europe, may have met a brick wall as leaders and concerned stakeholders of the state have opposed the idea in its entirety. DAILY POST gathered that members of the coalition, under the auspices of Benin Social Cultural Organisations described the project as a white elephant one, which also runs contrary to the traditions, culture as well as royalty of the Benin kingdom. They have therefore vowed to resist the project just as they described the proposed Edo Museum of West African Arts (EMOWAA) as completely alien to the Benin race and culture. The group took to a press conference in Benin city on Saturday, to express their grievances, accusing Gov. Obaseki of disrespecting and undermining the Oba of Benin, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku’ Akpolokpolo Ewuare 11, especially in terms of housing the artifacts. They reminded him of his earlier promise to support the idea of a Benin Royal Museum for the artifacts. According to the group, “Obaseki should be a man of his words because EMOWAA was not what he discussed with the Oba of Benin and other prominent Benin elders in 2018 and by his actions, the governor had reneged on his words and it is tantamount to betrayal of public trust”. The coalition also alleged that with the look of things the proposed EMOWAA project was not owned by the Edo State Government but by Obaseki’s private venture called Legacy Restoration Trust Ltd. The group further stated: “The attention of the leaders and stakeholders of Coalition of Benin Socio Cultural Organisations has been drawn to Governor Obaseki’s statement where he asserted that he doesn’t have conflict with our revered Monarch over his proposed EMOWAA.“Sincerely, we were shocked that His Excellency, Godwin Obaseki asserted that he doesn’t have any issue nor quarrel with our revered Oba of Benin Kingdom whereas when he organised a Stakeholders engagement meeting regarding his proposed EMOWAA phase 1, he didn’t involve our revered Palace. “Your Excellency, you didn’t only have issue or conflict with our revered Monarch over your EMOWAA, you also have issue with all the Benins for always disrespecting and undermining our revered Palace, Throne and Benin Kingdom. For the avoidance of doubt, the word EMOWAA is alien to us as Benin people.”They said the Coalition had been at the forefront “of advocating and assisting our revered Palace, Throne and Benin Kingdom to ensure that our stolen artifacts are returned to the Palace.” Recall that the history of the Benin kingdom dates back to a few centuries when the colonial masters came to Africa, dominating many of the territories and taking away artifacts unique to the Benins. However the state and government at the federal level have collaborated to cajole the European museums where some of the artifacts were stored to return them back to their original source. Beyond the controversies that the museum project has generated, Benin is allegedly reputed for high human trafficking overseas, a situation the state government has been strengthening advocacy to curtail.