As the 2023 election gathers momentum, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has charged Nigerians to kick the All Progressives Congress (APC) out with their Permanent Voters Card (PVC) PDP National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, stated this Tuesday, during a sensitisation campaign for the collection of Permanent Voter Cards (PVC) in Abuja. The party’s national publicity secretary, national women leader, Prof. Stella Effa-Attoe and National Youth Leader, Mohammed Sulieman led the campaign around the streets of the Federal Capital Territory. Ologunagba said the campaign is to sensitise Nigerians, particularly youths and women on the need to participate actively in the democratic process by collecting permanent voter cards and ensuring that they participate in the 2023 general elections. He said, “Against the backdrop of the fact that we have an APC government that is insensitive, that is rudderless, that completely failed this country, they lied to us in 2015, came to power by fraud and propaganda. Ologunagba lamented that the APC-led Federal Government has made life difficult for most Nigerians. He said, “as the party of the people that believe in the sanctity of life and that our children need the future where on their own, they can achieve their goals and live a life where they can aspire to be anything in Nigeria. “So we are urging all youth and women to come out en mass to pick up their PVCs and those who have not registered to take advantage of the window now available by Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to come out and register”. He assured the electorate that their votes will count in 2023, adding that “we have seen how APC has destroyed the country, get your PVC and vote them out”. Also speaking, the PDP National Youth Leader, Mohammed Suleiman said the failure of the APC government is enough to motivate Nigerians to kick them out. “We have seen what is happening in the country, the rate of unemployment, insecurity, students are at home for over five months and the economy is messed up. So we believe those comments you’re seeing on social media will turn to vote come 2023. “We have 36 state youth leaders, we have six zonal leaders, we’re all working together to mobilize Nigerians so that they can vote for the PDP come 2023”.