Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Presidency has reacted to a video of terrorists threatening to wreak havoc on the nation, saying security and defense forces were not “clueless or helpless”. A statement by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, reassured the public that the President had done all, and even more than what was expected of him as the Commander-in-Chief. 2. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Lagos State says statistics show that the State currently has about seven million registered voters. INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Lagos State, Mr Olusegun Agbaje, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday. 3. The notorious bandit, Ado Aleiro, who was recently turbaned as Sarkin Fulani in Yantodo Emirate of Zamfara State, has said he did not request for the title. The bandit, who has been accused of terrorising some parts of the North West, stated this in an interview with DW Hausa. 4. Few weeks after the convoy of President Muhammadu Buhari was attacked in Katsina State, terrorists have threatened to abduct Nigeria’s number one citizen. In a new video, the terrorists who abducted over 60 passengers of the Abuja Kaduna train on March 28, threatened to abduct and kill Buhari and Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai. 5. The Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, will today meet with leaders of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, and others to put finishing touches to the planned solidarity rally the congress is organising in support of the ongoing strike by the university lecturers. It was gathered, yesterday, that the meeting is to agree on the format the rally will take and where those involved would converge to take off on the said dates. 6. The proposed National Transport Commission, NTC, has failed for the second time in getting presidential approval. Chairman of the House Committee on Ports and Harbours, Garba Datti Muhammad, said yesterday that the National Assembly had finished its work on the Bill but lamented that Buhari has not signed it. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Nasiru Ila as the Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters (House of Representatives). Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s media aide confirmed this development in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. 8. The Police Command in Enugu State says no life was lost in the incident involving a man and his girlfriend at a police checkpoint in the State capital. This is contained in a statement issued by the Command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Daniel Ndukwe, on Sunday, in Enugu. 9. The Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu and his opponent in the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar are still in the war of words. In response to a statement credited to the Tinubu Campaign Organisation, in which it accused Atiku of lying about his past record of opposition to the Muslim-Muslim ticket, the Atiku Media Office, on Sunday, said it sympathizes with Tinubu, because “his memory is no longer what it used to be.” 10. Tobi Amusan became the first Nigerian athlete to win a World Athletics Championship gold as she stormed to victory in the women’s 100m hurdles in Oregon on Sunday. Amusan, who had obliterated the world record in an astonishing semi-final where she clocked 12.12sec, powered over the line at Hayward Field in 12.06sec.