Chairman of the traditional council of chiefs in Oke-Ero Local Government Area of Kwara State, Aloffa of Iloffa, Oba Samuel Dada has assured officials involved in the trial census billed for July 11-16, 2022 in the area of adequate security for the exercise. Speaking during a sensitisation programme on the project at his palace, in Iloffa, Oba Dada, however, raised the issue of recruitment of non-indigenes, which could create serious challenges for the successful conduct of the first digital census exercise in the country. Oba Dada, who spoke through his deputy, Moses Sunday Oni, at the palace of the monarch, where the sensitisation programme was held, said recruiting indigenes of the area for the conduct of the exercise could be another opportunity to empower the teeming unemployed youths of the area. He advised the National Population Commission, NPC, to learn from the mistakes of other national programmes where non-indigenes were recruited outside the areas of execution of the programmes but could not achieve the desired results. Oba Dada, urged the NPC to change the narrative for the expected results to be realised. Responding, the State Director of the NPC, Malam Saeed Adebayo Yusuf, explained to the audience that nobody outside the communities in the area, except the indigenes, would be recruited for the census exercise. He explained that the trial census would be a test run to correct the errors in the demarcation of areas earlier carried out by the commission. According to the NPC director, the trial census was designed to test the functionality of all the equipment that would be deployed for the actual census in 2023. The NPC director emphasised the need to get the accurate data of the country’s population for effective planning. Saeed called for cooperation from the communities as the result of the exercise would be beneficial to all citizens generally in the country. At the sensitisation programme were traditional rulers, title holders, and leaders of religious organisations in the local government area.