Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The All Progressives Congress, APC, has unveiled former Borno State Governor, Kashim Shettima as its 2023 presidential running mate. Shettima was unveiled at an event in Abuja on Wednesday. 2. Osun State governor-elect, Senator Ademola Adeleke, yesterday, received his certificate of return from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The certificate was presented to him in Osogbo, the Osun State capital. 3. The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has pledged to remain committed and loyal to President Muhammadu Buhari. Tinubu spoke at the State House on Wednesday when he accompanied his running mate, Kashim Shettima to see the President. 4. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has challenged presidential candidates of the various political parties for next year’s general election to put Nigeria first above personal interests. He spoke after meeting with the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi. 5. Governor Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has said people should not complain about Muslim-Muslim ticket because this is not the first time that Nigeria will have such a situation in place. The governor said this on Channels Television while commenting on the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC,) Bola Ahmed Tinubu’s choice of Kashim Shettima as his running mate. 6. Suspended DCP Abba Kyari has narrated how he hid from the terrorists who invaded Kuje custodial centre in Abuja. On July 5, the Boko Haram breakaway faction, Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), led an attack on the custodial centre. 7. Some of the clerics who attended the presentation of Senator Kashim Shettima as running mate to Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), shunned journalists who approached them on Wednesday. At the event, which took place at Musa Yar’Adua Centre, Abuja, some men and women, who dressed in cassocks, walked into the hall. 8. The Federal Government and labour unions on Wednesday clashed over the groups’ refusal to back down on its planned two-day nationwide protests scheduled for July 26 and 27. No fewer than 40 unions, including the aviation workers will participate in the rally called in solidarity with the striking university lecturers. 9. The Christian Association of Nigeria has challenged the All Progressives Congress to mention its (CAN) officials who attended the unveiling of its vice presidential candidate, Kashim Shettima, by the flagbearer, Bola Tinubu. The demand came barely five hours after the Vice President of CAN (19 Northern States and Abuja), Rev. Joseph John Hayab, dissociated the organisation from the visit. 10. The Senate yesterday passed a bill to establish the National Social Security Commission. The piece of legislation seeks to put in place a National Social Security protection funding to cater for the needs of the unemployed, old-aged and underaged children below 18 years from broken marriages.