Kelechi Opoke who aspired to be a lawmaker in the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, EBSHA, on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has been arrested for allegedly raping a twelve years old girl. Opoke who resides at no. 1 Omiko street located opposite Haraca filling station, Abakaliki/ Enugu expressway, was arrested by the Ebonyi State Civil Defense Corps. Opoke, a member of the Nigerian Bar Association, NBA, was seen writing his statement of involvement in the alleged rape scandal at the Civil Defence Corps Office. Efforts to speak with the suspect, Opoke who was being grilled by top Civil Defense officers proved abortive. Earlier, the victim, who narrated her ordeal said: “I’m 12 yrs old. I’m from Izzi LGA of Ebonyi State. Yesterday, when I came back from school, I greeted everybody that were in the yard, I entered inside our house when one Kelechi Opoke who is a lawyer and a son of our landlady knocked on our door and asked me to plug his phone on our room. “I collected the phone and went inside to plug it, as soon as I plugged it and turned, he was already standing at my back. I asked him why he entered our room? He told me to shut up my mouth. He used his hands and closed my mouth, squizzed my hands to my back, tore my clothes including my pants and raped me. “He gave me RC coke and #1000. He threatened that if I tell my Mum, he will kill me. And that if I didn’t tell my Mum, he will buy a phone for me and give me #5000 when he finished”. “My Mum contacted NCDC who came and arrested him but he started running and NCDC pursued him and arrested him” he stated. Responding, the mother of the victim, Ukamaka Otah said: “I came back from the market yesterday, I saw my daughter seating down on the ground and was crying, I asked her why she was crying. She didn’t talk to me but when I checked well, I saw her clothes torn including her pants, soaked with blood. I asked her whether she fought with someone, but she told me that it was Barr. Kelechi Opoke that raped her” he stressed.