Kinsmen of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, governorship candidate in Enugu State, Mr. Frank Nweke Jnr. have told him to put the Ishi-Ozalla community in order before aspiring to govern Enugu State. This was contained in a statement made available to journalists on Monday by Concerned Citizens of Ishi-Ozalla Community. It could be re-called that the community was sometime in the news over the reported ostracization of certain categories of people, leading to a protest. Nweke’s people have now told him to forget his governorship ambition and spend the energy in restoring peace to the troubled community. In the statement entitled: “Charity Begins at Home”, signed by Dr Muna Ebelechukwu (Ufam Ozalla), the APGA guber candidate’s kinsmen said it was surprising that Nweke who had been unable to bring any form of development to his community was now promising to turn Enugu State around. “We heard that one of our sons and brother has taken the bull by the horn to contest the number one position in Enugu State. “Ordinarily, this should gladden our hearts, but that is not the case owing to some obvious reasons. “Our big son, Chief Frank no doubt is a Prince and former Chief of Staff to the Enugu State Government, former Minister of information and communication to mention but a few. “Now the question is: how did he use these positions to change the lives of people in his immediate community? What impact can he point to in his community? “Soon, he will be moving around every nook and cranny of the State campaigning and making promises to the good people of Enugu State on what he has to offer or how to sustain the existing ones. “Considering that charity begins at home, to what extent has he fostered peace and development in Ishi-Ozalla? How can he be promising peace to Enugu people when there is no peace and security in his own community? In addition, good governance is all about justice and equity. How then can he talk about justice when an entire village that was ostracized in Ishi-Ozalla under his watch and even when Governor Ugwuanyi intervened, he never gave up. People there are still being treated like second class citizens with humiliations and intimidations. Community leaders are also being imposed here and there,” the group stated. They asked the people of Enugu State not to be deceived, stressing that they should rather “visit Ishi-Ozalla to ascertain what he has done for his people when he had the opportunities. Our roads are bad, youths are roaming around the community without a job. “We virtually have no amenities. In fact, we have resorted to self help in getting what we want. “Nobody gives what they do not have. In our place, no one chases rats when their house is on fire. “We demand that our son come home to lay the foundation that would make way for him to achieve his political ambition.”