The Central Bank Nigeria (CBN) has filed a motion on notice, challenging a court order to pay former Taraba Governor, Jolly Nyame and three others, pension arrears in the National Industrial Court, Abuja. The other judgment creditors in the suit include Uba Ahmadu, Abubakar Armayau and Bilkisu Danboyi. When the matter was called before Justice Osatohanmwen Obaseki-Osaghae, counsel to CBN, Johannah Titus informed the court that she had two applications for stay of execution before the court. She then proceeded to seek leave of the court to withdraw an earlier motion dated and filed on May 27 to replace it with another filed on Monday. Edward Erhinure, Counsel to Nyame and others, however, objected to the application, stating that he had already filed a counter-affidavit to the May 27 application. Erhinure in addition asked for N1 million costs, claiming that he had spent money to file processes in response to the application Titus was seeking to withdraw. Confidence Samuel, Counsel to the judgment debtor, the Taraba Government informed the court that he was not opposing Titus’ application. The judge, therefore, ruled that the CBN’s application dated May 27, was duly struck out. She further directed Titus to move the motion to replace the same with the one filed on Monday. Obaseki-Osaghae also awarded the sum of N100, 000 as cost against CBN to be paid before the next adjourned date. She concluded by adjourning the matter until Oct. 17 for a hearing of Monday’s application. NAN also reports that in addition to the application for stay of execution by CBN, it also filed a notice of appeal contesting the garnishee order delivered by the same court on May 24. A garnishee order is a judicial proceeding of execution or enforcement of monetary judgment whereby money belonging to a judgment debtor, in the hands or possession of a third party known as the ‘Garnishee’ (usually a bank), is attached or seized by a judgment creditor, the ‘Garnisher’, in satisfaction of a judgment sum or debt. The court in its ruling made an order absolute in the garnishee proceeding ordering the CBN to pay the judgment creditors. NAN reports that the judgment creditors had filed the suit against the judgment debtor, the Taraba State Government and CBN, the garnishee debtor, through a garnishee proceeding.