The Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps, NSCDC, has affirmed to have new strategies to combat electoral violence and insecurity ahead of the 2023 general elections across the federation. It also said its operatives were agile and combat ready to protect the electorate, election materials and personnel of the electoral umpire while discharging their duties. The NSCDC spokesman, Olusola Odumosu, stated this Friday in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja. In the statement, Odumosu explained that the NSCDC Commandant-General, Dr. Ahmed Abubakar Audi disclosed the strategic development at a quarterly conference which brought together the Deputy Commandant Generals, Assistant Commandant Generals, 36 State Commandants and other senior officers at the Corps National Headquarters in Abuja. In his words, “We must begin to deploy new strategies in tackling the spate of insecurity bedevilling our land if we must effectively protect the masses, the electorates, electoral materials and the electoral umpires during the upcoming elections from any form of attack or danger in the course of their duties. “We remain agile and steadfast to manage the risks thrown up by events leading to the upcoming election and be combat ready to protect the citizens of this great country and secure our Critical National Assets and Infrastructure against new and evolving threats. “As a security agency of the government, we play very critical and vital role in checkmating and prevention of violence while ensuring effective protection in all the phases leading to the general elections to consolidate our democracy and democratic process. “We must therefore be proactive and take necessary steps toward tackling the challenges of insecurity as we embark on this all important journey towards ensuring a free, fair and credible elections”. Audi, however, charged officers and men of the corps to be at their best in the forthcoming Osun election. He directed officers shortlisted for election duty to collaborate with other security and law enforcement agencies to checkmate any form of threat or disturbance to the peaceful conduct of the election. Also, the CG has redeployed 16 State Commandants to restructure and sustain the tempo of quality service delivery to the citizenry. Affected states in the redeployment exercise include Kwara, Jigawa, Abia, Enugu, Osun, Kogi, Adamawa and Kebbi. Others are Bauchi, Niger, Anambra, River, Ogun, Imo, Akwa-Ibom and Yobe states.