Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara State, has directed the State Community and Social Development Agency (KWCSDA NG-CARES) to deploy every resource to end open defecation in the state through provision of water and VIP toilets in rural and peri-urban communities. General Manager of KWCSDA NG-CARES Engr. Amamat Haruna, disclosed this during a participatory, rural appraisal visit to Koro Sayodun community of Ilorin West Local Government Area of the state where efforts are being intensified to end the practice as soon as possible. “Before now, KWCSDA NG-CARES had intervened in the first batch of five communities while the second batch of four communities are about to be trained and receive their grants for the projects. “This is slated for the coming week. We are now in the third batch of 20 beneficiary communities under NG-CARES intervention project,” she disclosed, hinting at increasing spending on water and toilet facilities in the rural areas. “Participatory Rural Appraisal exercise is one of the implementation measures of Nigeria Covid-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus Programme (NG-CARES), we are here today to sensitize and empower your community on how to identify and prioritize your needs, part-finance, implement and supervise your micro-projects by yourselves,” Amamat added. While congratulating the people of Koro Sayodun community, Engr Amamat, also appreciated Governor AbdulRazaq for supporting and increasing access to basic amenities in both rural and peri-urban communities across the state. The General Manager, who was accompanied by the Operations Manager, Engr Joseph Oyeleke, and Financial Administration Manager, Alhaji Yahaya Ahmed, and others, pledged the readiness of the agency to meet the needs of rural dwellers in the state through provision of their ranking needs to improve their living standard. Koro Sayodun community leader Alhaji Ibrahim Amori, appreciated the good gesture of the state government through KWCSDA NG-CARES in assisting their community. “I want to assure you that members of this community will jealously guard the government’s intervention projects when they are eventually implemented in their community,” Alh. Amori pledged.