The son of Senator Ifeanyi Araraume, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Ifeanyi Araraume Jnr has defected to the Labour Party, LP, after being denied the ticket of PDP to vie for the Okigwe Senatorial zone for the 2023 general elections. Araraume, who was a former Commissioner for Commerce, Industry and Tourism under Governor Rochas Okorocha’s administration, resigned from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, where he was aspiring to contest, saying circumstances beyond his control necessitated a change in his political party membership. The first son of former two-time Senator Ifeanyi Ararume, who stated this in his address to the people of Okigwe Senatorial zone on Thursday, said, “Today, I am proud to say that I am a member of the Labour Party (LP). On the platform of the Labour Party, I remain resolute in my dream to bring change and development to our Senatorial Zone. “It is important that I address you at this point, as there have been some changes in the course of my journey to represent the great people of Okigwe Senatorial zone. I began this journey under the umbrella of the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP), but, circumstances beyond my control necessitated a change in my Political Party membership.” He said he intends to carry out the responsibilities of the office when elected, to the best of his ability. According to him, “As I reach for this goal, I acknowledge that these are turbulent times in history of our Nation and State. For many people in Imo State, they are hard times. My parents belonged to a generation whose belief was ‘we want our children to be better off than us’. “They did their best for us, however, we are at a time where we can no longer be sure that the same will be true of our own children. As a result of the economic crisis in Nigeria today, poverty is on the increase and unemployment has reached disastrous levels among young people in particular. “This crisis of confidence in politics and its institutions is also undermining faith in the democratic system. However my people, I urge you to remain steadfast in your belief and hope that things will get better. “It is for this reason and more that I joined the Labour Party (LP). The LP pledges to diligently and carefully give its best members as representatives of our great nation; individuals that will not only lift us out of economic depression but kick start the much needed expeditious journey into Nigeria’s prosperity. “To this end, therefore, I enjoin you my people to take your right to vote very seriously, since, in essence, you are giving another person the responsibility in directing or delivering goods, services and amenities that will greatly affect the quality of life you experience in the years to come.”