The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Imo State has demanded that the government of Imo State led by Gov Hope Uzodinma should immediately explain to Imo people the role of Ebubeagu militia in the Otulu massacre. While condemning in the strongest terms the gruesome extrajudicial murder of over fourteen young men, last Sunday, in Otulu, Oru West LGA of the State, the party said for months now, the people in the Orlu, Orsu, Oru East and Oru West, as well as Okigwe Local Government Areas, have raised constant alarm over incessant killings and harassment of innocent youths and wanton destruction of property. The State Publicity Secretary, Mazi Emenike Nmeregini, made the demand in a release made available to DAILY POST in Owerri on Wednesday. The young men were said to be attending a traditional marriage in the Awo-Omamma neighbouring community when they were rounded up and slaughtered in cold blood by a murderous group reported to be Ebubeagu, a local vigilante. The PDP in Imo State said it “regrets that the failure of the regime of Governor Uzodinma to ensure the security of lives and property has made lmo a horrifying space. “Residents now live in constant fear of terror. Abductions, assassinations, armed robberies and many other unprintable experiences have become daily facts of life in Imo. The laxity of the incumbent regime over this issue is just deeply suspicious.” The PDP said that Imolites were also highly suspicious of the rise of kidnappings and abductions for ransoms in the State. The opposition further said “in all these lamentations, Governor Uzodinma has remained mute, and most often quick to defend the group. According to the PDP, “There are cases where the militia are reported to have mounted checkpoints on roads, collecting tolls and harassing innocent road users for no just cause. “Residents also report that many young men have been shot dead at these checkpoints, others killed in their homes and their corpses paraded as neutralized bandits”. While commiserating with all those “who are directly affected by these indefensible killings,” Imo PDP joined Amnesty International to call on President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government *to intervene and set up an independent judicial panel of inquiry to unravel the causes and actors in this festering insecurity in Imo, and bring them to justice. “This must not be swept under the carpet like other numerous killings in the State.”