The Chairman of the Citizens For Righteousness and Social Justice, Imo State chapter, Bishop Kenneth Obi has urged Nigerians to ensure that they vote for leaders with integrity and character in the 2023 general elections, warning that failure to do so will affect the fortunes of the country. The cleric said a new Nigeria where terrorists and bandits are tamed and the naira regains its value, where the seasonal ASUU strike is a thing of the past and there is constant and steady electricity is possible if Nigerians are willing and obedient to work for it. Bishop Obi, who is also the Bishop of Divine Word Intl Church of God in Christ, Owerri, stated this in a chat with journalists in Owerri, the Imo State capital. He emphasized that the Nigerian situation, as bad as it is, will only be corrected if Nigerians are obedient and willing to be useful. According to him, “Nigerians should crush bad leadership for insecurity and the seasonal ASUU strike to stop. Nigerians must brace themselves to do what is required to put the country back on track. “As things currently stand, if no action is taken and no one stands up to say enough is enough, things will continue to deteriorate and we will have the same owners by 2023. “That is why I am urging all Nigerians to stand up and be counted; this is not the time to sit and complain, but rather to stand up and be counted.” According to him, “it has never been this bad in Nigeria’s history. Nigerians have suffered enough since 2015, and this suffering knows no bounds. “It is a painful situation and will only be corrected if Nigerians are obedient and willing to be useful. ” His words, “while others from other political parties just want to be president because it’s their turn, because they’ve made many governors, senators, even the president, the other with his past record as a former VP wants to be president. And if Nigerians do not band together to usher in the New Nigeria led by Peter Obi, the current charade will continue and Nigeria will have the same owners in 2023.”