Following the defeat of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in last Saturday’s gubernatorial election in Osun State by the main opposition, Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, some leaders and members of the APC under the aegis of North Central APC Forum have called for the resignation of the National Chairman of the party, Sen. Abdullahi Adamu. The Forum said the National Chairman is already failing the party and that if he continues to remain as the party’s leader, they would suffer great loss in the 2023 general election. Saleh Mandung Zazzaga, on behalf of the Forum, made the call in Jos, the Plateau State Capital, in an interview with journalists. Zazzaga said, “since the recent emergence of Adamu as the APC National Chairman, our party has been going through rapid setbacks, ranging from defection of members to other parties and losing of election like that of a State like Osun where the governor is from the party and an incumbent. “Adamu prior to the election vowed to deliver Osun for the party and they were hopeful, but now he has failed to deliver and is now a set back to our party, and a boost of confidence for the PDP in the forthcoming 2023 elections.” According to him, “Adamu’s arrogant posture and his non-tolerance of suggestion and advice has made many members of our party to be disenchanted with the party and have lost faith in the party, as well. “We want to call on the party leaders to urge the National Chairman to resign or call him to proper order and task him to deliver on his mandate so that the party will not suffer defeat in 2023 because the election will be fierce from the national to State and local government levels, including that of the legislative arm.” He further said from the way the PDP was restrategizing and the recent threat from the Labour Party, particularly at the national level, if the APC was not careful and urgently restrategize, they would be surprised in 2023. Zazzaga revealed that they have credible information that between now and 2023, many APC leaders and members alike would be leaving the party to other parties, and such defections would greatly affect their chances in the elections. He called for urgent constitution of reconciliatory committee “to pacify aggrieved members from the fallout of the primary election across the States and the federal level, so that they will remain in the party and work for its victory.” The Chairman also called on the party to also set up a committee to brainstorm on the anger the APC Muslim-Muslim presidential ticket is generating in many quarters and find a way to resolve the issue amicably “because it is a very dicey, sensitive and delicate issue.”