The Anambra State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has warned that aspirants of the party from the state to various political positions are making arrangements for legal actions against the party. Leaders of the party in the ward, local government and state, including aspirants and stakeholders converged on the party’s secretariat in Awka on Sunday to warn that the action of the aspirants may affect the forthcoming national convention of the party. The party said the non-recognition of the party’s ward and local government chairmen, who emerged from the last congresses in the state may affect the chances of aspirants of the party in the state, hence the protest. In a communique read by Barr Uche Obiora, a local government chairman of the party, on behalf of all the ward and LG chairmen, stakeholders and aspirants, the party accused the National Legal Adviser of the party, Ajibade Adeyemi (SAN) of fueling the crisis in the state. Citing actions, which include compromise, the party said: “There is no iota of doubt that the National Legal Adviser, Ajibade Adeyemi (SAN) is merchandizing the whole interest of elected officers of the PDP and aspirants in Anambra State. “He has stalled the conduct of the state congress in Anambra, with a view to denying the state the needed number of delegates at the national convention.” The party in the state further stated that: “Be it known that those about to be excluded from participating in the national convention are already threatening to commence legal action to stop the national convention from taking place.” The party wondered who was directing the actions of the National Legal Adviser, who they accused of disregarding the state congress of the party, who they said was transparently conducted, and which also elected the officials of the party in the state, local government and ward level. They prayed the National Chairman of the party and all members of the National Working Committee to suspend the National Legal Adviser for clear and manifest unethical conduct, just as it called on the National Working Committee to exonerate itself from the actions of Adeyemi. The party also called for the ratification of the ward and local government congresses and affirming it, as has been affirmed by a high court judgment in Anambra State.