Barely three days to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Convention slated for 28 and 29 May, to elect its presidential candidate, an aspirant and former governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi, has dumped the party. Obi, who revealed this in a letter addressed to the party’s National Chairman, Iyorchia Ayu dated May 24, 2022 and tagged “Resignation From Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Withdrawal From the Presidential Contest, said he has been conveyed his decision to the Chairman of Agulu Ward 2. Anaocha LGA Anambra since Friday 20 May 2022. The letter signed by Obi partly read, “Consequently, I am by this letter informing you of my withdrawal for the PDP Presidential Primaries. “It has been a great honour to contribute to nation-building efforts through our party. Unfortunately, recent developments within our party make it practically impossible to continue participating and making such constructive contributions. “Our national challenges are deep-seated and require that we each make profound sacrifices towards rescuing our country. My commitment to rescuing Nigeria remains firm, even if the route differs. “I wish to thank you personally for your graciousness and leadership. I wish you well and best of luck in the service of the country”. The former aide to ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo, the Director-General of Peter Obi Campaign Organisation, Dr Doyin Okupe, who submitted the letter at PDP National Headquarters in Abuja, Wednesday, assured that the former Anambra State governor’s name will be on the 2023 ballot. He said “You recall that consistently, former governor Peter Obi has repeatedly stated that he is not desperate to be president, but he is desperate to cause a change, to cause a redirection to change the way the government of Nigeria is run. “And to offer solutions to various problems of Nigeria, it is for these reasons he entered into the race. But the various developments within the PDP makes it virtually impossible for him. “This is not to say that all hopes are lost. I can say on his behalf that Nigerians must not give up, we must never give up. Hope is on its way and help is coming”. Okupke hinted “All options are on the table. By the grace of Almighty God, Peter Obi will be on the ballot for the 2023 Presidency.”