Some members of the Ekiti State chapter of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, have kicked against alleged imposition of Hon. Hakeem Jamiu, incumbent Speaker of the state legislature for re-election in the 2023 general elections. They also accused the Hon. Paul Omotoso-led State Working Committee, SWC, of colluding with some state officials to manipulate the electoral process in favour of the lawmaker. DAILY POST also learnt that the Protesters who came from Irepodun/Ifelodun State Constituency II, are the lawmaker’s constituents. Spokesman of the protesters and former Chairman of the Irepodun/Ifelodun Council, Hon. Kayode Ojo, who spoke with newsmen, said the alleged act of imposition would be tantamount to flouting the entrenched rotation policy of the constituency. In his words: “The purpose of this protest is to let our party knows that it can’t afford to impose Hon Hakeem Jamiu, someone who is widely deemed to be unpopular on all of us, unless we want to loose to opposition. “Again, we have unwritten rotation policy among Igbemo, Iworoko, Are, Afao/Araromi Obo wards that we should rotate this assembly seat, and that we have been doing faithfully. We don’t know the motive behind attempt to impose the lawmaker at all cost. “We are also saying that why the choice of Hakeem Jamiu? What has he done to deserve a second term? Why Igbemo Ekiti again that had occupied the seat six times when other wards have not occupied it for once? “Our party should go and gauge the mood of the people in that constituency, they don’t want Jamiu any longer. He had offended so many people. “This is not an hatred against anybody, but a sincere concern for our party. So, if it is going to be Igbemo at all cost, the party shouldn’t impose Jamiu. They should allow free and fair primary. That is our humble demand”, he stated. But when contacted, Segun Dipe, the APC State Publicity Secretary, who dismissed the allegation as baseless said the party was not even considering such a plot. He added that those who are opposing Jamiu have no right to stop his reelection ambition as provided by law. He explained, “We are not going to impose anybody. We are not planning to impose. The party will conduct free and fair primary, but we won’t stop Hon. Hakeem Jamiu from seeking a second term, it is his right. “Again, among all the towns in that constituency, Igbemo Ekiti is the most steadfast and consistent with the progressive party. So, if the party says we should allow the seat to remain in the town, it has a cogent reason for that. “We are running a disciplined party and these protesters should allow peace and concentrate their energies on how we can win, because we are not planning any imposition”. However, in the last two weeks, there has been tension in the state following alleged plots to impose some allegedly preferred serving lawmakers seeking reelection. Similarly, some leaders from Ido/Osi constituencies I and II have reportedly protested against the imposition of some aspirants against the popular will of the people.