About 961 delegates of the Kwara State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Ilorin, on Thursday, voted to endorse the second term ambition of Governor Abdulrahman AbdulRazaq via affirmation at the governorship primary election. A total of 965 delegates were in attendance at the Banquet Hall, Government House, Ilorin, but four votes were deemed invalid as they did not properly fill their ballots. Voting was conducted in the presence of INEC representatives led by Shehu Ahmad and Governorship and House of Assembly Primaries Committee, Chaired by Professor Emmanuel Dandaura in accordance with the electoral guidance. Dandaura, pronounced Governor AbdulRazaq validly nominated to run for second term, commending his excellent performance as declared by the delegates. In his acceptance speech, Governor AbdulRazaq, pledged that the interest of the largest majority of the people will continue to be the priority of the government. He expressed gratitude to all the delegates and the people of Kwara State for the honour. “I also thank all thought leaders, party stalwarts and leaders across Kwara State. I do not take your support for granted.” According to Gov AbdulRazaq, “Between 2019 and now, the trajectory of Kwara State has changed. We have registered a bold presence in the comity of decent and respected states. “We have positive strides and indices in education, health, access to water, improved youths engagement, gender mainstreaming, support for farmers and the vulnerable, and rural development to show for our mandate. “Today, no part of Kwara State is left without a government presence. “Our politics has also evolved. The destiny of Kwarans is no longer tied to any particular person. That is the bold message from our primaries,” he declared. “Are we perfect? No, we are not. What is not debatable is the magnitude of progress that Kwara has made over the last three years. We can only beat our own records of achievements. “So, we will campaign on our records of improving a lot of our people and reasserting the leadership position of Kwara State. “We will campaign on our record of courageously opening up the democratic space for all. We will campaign on our records of courageously opening up our books for public assessments in our strong belief that perfection belongs to God alone. In doing so, we are steadily improving the old system and achieving more efficiency. “Distinguished delegates, the choice before the people of Kwara State is clear. 2023 is the year to make it clear to the doubting Thomases that the revolution of 2019 was not a fluke. “It is the year to reaffirm our decision to reclaim our dignity and have a state that serves everyone equitably. We must therefore keep what is left of our patrimony, and by all democratic means avoid relapse to the years of the locust,” he added.