Former Manchester United striker, Dimitar Berbatov, has slammed Manchester City for crashing out of the Champions League semi-final at the hands of Real Madrid. Real Madrid had eliminated Man City from the Champions League a few days ago after beating the Premier League champions 3-1 in the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu. Riyad Mahrez had given Man City what looked to be an unassailable lead in the 73rd minute of the game to make it 5-3 on aggregate. However, two late goals in stoppage time from Rodrygo ensured Real sent the match into extra time before Karim Benzema sealed the victory for the Los Blancos. But Berbatov believes there is ‘no explanation’ for why Manchester City lost to Real Madrid, adding that Guardiola’s side reminded him of Bayern against United. He added that the Citizens crashed out of the Champions League like ‘a small team’. “I don’t have an explanation about what happened to Man City against Real Madrid, they reminded me of Bayern Munich in 1999 against Man United,” Berbatov told Betfair. “It was exactly the same, two goals in the final minutes. If a small team, who don’t have that much talent and class concede two goals at the end of the game, we will say it is because they are a small team with a small mindset and with no winning mentality.” “With it happening to a team like Man City, I don’t even know how to find the right words to explain how this team of all teams, with so many winners, can let in two goals after the 90 minutes in a Champions League semi-final. Yes, they were playing Real Madrid and you can argue that they are a big team with big players, but come on, in the last minute of the game. “They had to be more concentrated and focused, they should know how to hold that result. I don’t think it’s a mentality issue for City, it’s unexplainable. “Sometimes you have games like this where you have a great team full of talent, class and champions. Unexpectedly they let goals in during the final moment of the game.” He added, “They are so close. They have been to the final, but the trophy is still just out of reach for them. I bet this loss against Real Madrid hurts more than the loss in the final against Chelsea.”