The Nigeria Police Force on Friday said it has scheduled May 17 – 31, 2022, for medical screening for all candidates who took part in the recent Computer-Based Test (CBT) in the ongoing recruitment exercise. CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, Force Public Relations Officer, Force Headquarters, Abuja, in a statement on Friday, informed prospective applicants that medical screening is scheduled to hold between 17th May, 2022 and 31st May, 2022 at designated centres in the seventeen Police Zonal Commands. It also advised all candidates who took part in the recruitment screening examination to check their application status and print out their medical screening slip, if qualified, for the next stage of the recruitment screening exercise. It advised applicants to appear at the various screening venues in their clean white T-shirts and shorts with the following mandatory basic requirements He mentioned the requirements as; “National Identity Number (NIN); original and duplicate copies of credentials, O’ Level Result(s), certificate of Origin and Birth Certificate/Declaration of Age – neatly arranged in two white flat files with recent passport photographs attached. “Printout of application submission confirmation page. Duly completed Guarantor’s form. Any candidate who fails to present above, will not be considered for the screening,” he said. He said the medical screening printout will show specific screening dates, times, and designated locations for each candidate within the Zones/States/FCT, adding that detailed and specific guidelines for each State will be announced by the Police Public Relations Officers in the Seventeen Police Zonal Commands, thirty-six states of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). According to him, the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba reiterates that the recruitment exercise is absolutely free of charge and without any pecuniary obligation. “The IGP equally assures that the process will be conducted in the best tradition of transparency and accountability. ” He advised the applicants to be wary of online imposters, scammers, and other criminal elements who might want to take advantage of the recruitment process to dupe innocent applicants,” Adejobi added.