The Chief Missioner, Nasrul-Lahi-l-Fatih (NASFAT), Imam Abdul-Azeez Onike, has called on law enforcement agents to investigate and arrest all culprits who killed a female student in Sokoto. Onike while condemning the extra-judicial killing of the female student said “it is extra-judicial punishment, it
is alien to Islam and unacceptable in Islam”. He also advised against reprisal attacks and unnecessary maligning of a particular tribe or religion. ”To understand the anathema of the sad incident of extra-judicial punishment meted out to a lady in Sokoto recently, which resulted in her death, let us look at the following narration which depicts and represents the expected reaction of any follower of our Noble Prophet Muhammad (saws): “Anas Malik reported: While we were in the mosque with Allah’s Messenger, a desert Arab came and stood up and began to urinate in the Mosque. “The Companions of Allah’s Messenger (peace be upon him) said: Stop, stop, but the Messenger of Allah said: Don’t interrupt him; leave him alone. “They left him alone, and when he finished urinating, Allah’s Messenger called him and said to him: These Mosques are not the places meant for urine and filth, but are only for the remembrance of Allah. “It is a place for prayer and the recitation of the Qur’an, the Holy Prophet then gave orders to one of the people who brought a bucket of water and poured it over.” Onike wondered what the reactions of some people will be if they see someone ignorantly or deliberately urinating inside a Mosque. Meanwhile, President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday strongly condemned the mob action which resulted in Deborah’s death in Sokoto. He also demanded an impartial, extensive probe into all that happened before and during the incident, adding that nobody has the right to take laws into his or her own hands in this country. Similarly, Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo described Deborah’s murder as deeply distressing. He said there was no justification for the extra-judicial killing because there were legal channels of addressing any misdeed.