Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Over 100 motorcyclists, yesterday, attacked Same Global Estate in the Lokogoma area of Abuja to avenge the death of two colleagues. The incident happened after a motorist reportedly hit the Okada riders on Sunday and ran into the estate for safety. 2. At least 20 Cameroonians have been killed by Ambazonian soldiers who are fighting for independence in Southwest Cameroon. Eyewitnesses in Boki village in Nigeria, said the Ambazonian soldiers crossed into the Nigeria community near Bashu in Boki LGA of Cross River State to attack their compatriots who fled and refused to join them. 3. The Prelate of the Methodist Church Nigeria, His Eminence, Samuel Kanu Uche, was on Sunday, reportedly, Kidnapped along Enugu-Port Harcourt Expressway, in Umunneochi Local Government Area of Abia State. The state police command confirmed the incident. 4. Former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo political organization, Chuks Ibegbu, on Sunday accused the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, of betraying the Igbos. Ibegbu made the remark while reacting to the emergence of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar as PDP presidential candidate. 5. The Zamfara State government has temporarily relocated the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) orientation camp from Tsafe Local Government to Gusau, the State capital, over rising insecurity. The State Deputy Governor , Senator Hassan Muhammad Gusau, disclosed this while receiving the Director-General of the NYSC, Brigadier General M K Fadah. 6. The Kano State government has approved the renaming of Kano State University of Science and Technology (KUST), Wudil after Aliko Dangote. The State Executive Council approved this at its last sitting presided over by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje. 7. Gunmen have killed a former Commissioner of the National Population Commission (NPC), Mr. Zakari Umaru-Kigbu in Nasarawa State, and abducted two of his daughters. It was learnt that the incident occurred in the early hours of Sunday at Umar-Kigbu’s residence in Azuba Bashayi, Lafia Local Government Area of Nasarawa State. 8. The National Vice Chairman, North-West of All Progressives Congress, APC, Salihu Lukman, has said former President Goodluck Jonathan is not a member of the party. Lukman disclosed this in an interview at a time media reports are suggesting that some leaders of the ruling party are dragging Jonathan into the APC presidential race. 9. A Nigerian drug baron based in Italy, Nwakanma Uche, 36, has reportedly excreted 95 pellets of heroin after being arrested by men of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency. Uche was arrested at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, after it was discovered that he had ingested the pellets. 10. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, has reported 21 confirmed cases of Monkeypox with one death from nine States and the Federal Capital Territory, FCT. This came as it activated Monkeypox Emergency Operations Centre to strengthen in-country preparedness and contribute to the global response.