A sitting member of the House of Representatives, representing Chanchaga Constituency, Niger State, Hon. Mohammed Idris Bago, has won the All Progressives Congress, APC, governorship ticket in the state. Bago beat nine other governorship aspirants to emerge victorious in the struggle for the party’s ticket. His opponents in the party primaries include the state deputy governor, Alh. Mohammed Ketso; Alh. Mohammed Kutigi, Alh. Aliyu Idris, Alh. Mohammed Sani Ndanusa, Alh. Mohammed Idris Malagi, Alh. Mohammed Rufau Mohammed, Alh. Idris Musa Makaranta, Alh. Mohammed Kpautagi The chief returning officer, Bar. Nasiru Ibrahim, a former Attorney General of Kebbi State, announced that about 1,049 delegates were accredited to participate in the elections which held at the Legbo Kutigi International Conference Center, Minna. Bago got 540 votes to beat his closest rival, Alh. Mohammed Idris Malagi, publisher of Blue Print Newspaper who scored 386 votes. Engr. Mohammed Sani Ndanusa, a former Minister of Sports got 84 votes, while the Deputy Governor, Muhammad Ahmed Ketso, got 17 votes. Alh. Mohammed Rufai Mohammed, got four votes, Alh. Idris Musa Makaranta, three votes, Alh. Mohammed Kutigi, one vote; Aliyu Idris, one vote; Alh. Mohammed Kpautagi, one vote; just as Yahaya Mohammed Kuta, a
former Secretary to the Niger State Government, SSG, got no vote. “Hon. Bago has the highest votes in the elections held in Minna, Niger State, therefore, I, Bar. Nasiru as the chairman Electoral committee, declare Hon Bago as the winner of the elections,” the chairman APC governorship primaries stated. Valid votes were 1,049 while void votes were 11. In his acceptance speech, the winner, Hon. Mohammed Bago, while thanking God for the success of the elections, called on the party supporters to suspend celebration. “We are not yet there, we still have work ahead. It is my prayer that APC forms the next Government,” he said. Bago thanked the state governor, Alh Abubakar Sani Bello for giving a level playing ground to all aspirants, while urging other aspirants to sheath their swords for the good of the party in the forthcoming elections.