Some members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo State have advised the Chairman of the PDP in Ibadan North East Local Government Area, Mr. Isiaka Fatokun, to stay neutral in the forthcoming primary elections of the party. DAILY POST reports that the PDP members under the platform of Concerned People Frontiers (CPF) noted that this was necessary to ensure free, fair and rancor-free primary elections of the PDP in the State. Our correspondent recalls that CPF had few days ago, alleged that some cabals and leaders had perfected plans to impose candidates on the members of the party. 2023: We’ll dump PDP if leaders, cabals impose candidates on us – Members tell Makinde  The group has, however, said that it had discovered that Fatokun was allegedly threatening the delegates and other executives, who are not on same page with him on the choice of aspirant for the primary of Ibadan North East/South East Federal Constituency. CPF in a statement signed by its Coordinator, Adewale Ajani and the Secretary, Kunle Fasasi, advised the leadership of the party not to allow imposition of candidates in the forthcoming primary elections. They revealed that some cabals in the local government were threatening to remove any executive who refused to support their bid during the forthcoming primary election for Ibadan North East/ Ibadan South East Federal Constituency. The group said that the party chairman in the local government, Mr. Fatokun and some cabals had been holding series of secretive meetings with executive members to prevail on them to support and vote for the aspirant of his choice during the primary or be removed. The group declared that the planned adoption of consensus candidate by some leaders and cabals in the constituency will further deepen the crisis within the ruling party. The group while advocating for free and fair primary elections, appealed to Governor Seyi Makinde, the State Chairman of PDP, Hon. Dayo Ogungbenro, State Secretary, Hon Wasiu Adeleke and other stakeholders to call those who intend to impose candidates on members to order. CPF said, “It has come to our notice that the Party Chairman in Ibadan North East is trying his possible best to foist an aspirant over others in the coming primary of Ibadan North East/South East Federal Constituency by threatening the delegates. “The local government party chairman has been fingered to be in support of an aspirant from the local government and he has been holding secret meetings with party excos and delegates directing them towards canvassing for his preferred aspirant. “We hereby appeal to his Excellency Gov. Seyi Makinde, Hon. Dayo Ogungbenro, the PDP State Party Chairman, The Party Secretary, Hon Wasiu Adeleke and other State and local government executives to call Isiaka Fatokun to order against taking the party at the local government level back to disarray and disorderliness. “It is expected of the party chairman in Ibadan North East Local Government to be neutral and be a leader to all.”