The pandemic has shown just our fragile the traditional workplace is to change. Your typical 9-to-5 office job isn’t as secure as it once was. Millions are joining the online trading revolution. By becoming an online trader, you can achieve financial freedom and profit from opportunities in the global economy.
Sadly, some unscrupulous individuals prey on unsuspecting traders, especially in Nigeria. So, how can you protect yourself and avoid being scammed? Simply put, you should partner with a licensed and regulated broker such as CMTrading. Join CMTrading – Nigeria’s award-winning broker Today, we’ll highlight the best ways to avoid being scammed online. A good broker should be a licensed and regulated entity. There are many unethical individuals and companies there. So before you part with your hard-earned money you need to make sure you’re partnering with a reputable company. A broker should be overseen by a regulatory agency and has a trading license to conduct financial transactions within the market it’s operating in. A trading license and regularity body are critical, as they protect you the consumer. CMTrading is a fully licensed and regulated broker. The company is a Financial Sector Conduct Authority (FSCA) approved broker since 2012 and is also regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA).
The internet makes it possible to research all you need to know about a prospective broker. Questions you should ask include – How long have they been in business? Do they have physical offices? Have they won awards? What are others saying about them? Scammers prey on hapless individuals who do not do their research. Don’t be fooled by great offers and opportunities – do your research. CMTrading has been operating since 2012.
It is an award-winning broker with offices all over the world including Nigeria and South Africa. What’s more, the company has recently been awarded 3 incredible accolades already in 2022 – “Best Performing Broker Africa”, “Fastest Growing Broker Nigeria”, and “Best Financial Broker Nigeria”. Finding an online broker that offers training materials and educational resources will help you on your trading journey. Learning as much as you can is crucial for any trader. The mark of a good broker tries to empower its clients through training and assistance throughout their trading journey. You can improve your trading knowledge and gain the skills you need to succeed with CMTrading. We offer weekly webinars, expert courses, and in-person seminars. You’ll be able to trade from Day 1 through our expert courses. Your success is our success, and we strive to ensure all our clients gain the knowledge they need to be successful traders. A good broker provides the expertise and knowledge for their clients. A scam broker will offer to make trades on your behalf. Your funds should be kept separate from your broker and they should never have direct access to your money.
The safety and security of our client funds are our number one priority. CMTrading utilizes segregated accounts held at Tier 1 banks. This means that we never have direct access to our funds, they’re kept separate from the company.  One of the easiest ways to sift the good brokers from the bad is to find out what people are saying about them online. Whether it’s Facebook comments or posts on official review sites, you’ll be able to tell which brokers are good by doing your research. Be wary of brokers with many negative reviews. More than 1,000,000 subscribers enjoy CMTrading’s award-winning platform. But don’t just take our word for it – we encourage you to read our great reviews on Trustpilot and Benzinga as well as watch client testimonials on our YouTube channel. Join Africa’s award-winning broker
Tope Ijibadejo, CMTrading Nigeria Region Manager, said: “CMTrading is a 10-year-old business that has stood the test of time. It is currently servicing over 1 million subscribers around the world. “CMTrading is known for the high level of trading education we deliver. We conduct in-personal training, webinars, and regular seminars. It’s our goal to increase the level of knowledge of all our clients so they can perform well in the markets. Their success is our success, so we want all our clients to succeed. We are also licensed and regulated. What’s more, we’re an award-winning broker in Nigeria and South Africa!” Join CMTrading, the largest and best-performing broker in Africa, and discover more opportunities with an award-winning broker. Register here to get started
CMTrading Exclusive Trading Seminar in Port Harcourt, Nigeria Follow CMTrading on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube.