The Akwa Ibom Council of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), said it would only support any governorship candidate that will accede to it’s demands as contained in a 5-point agenda The state chairperson of NLC, Comrade Sunny James, who stated during the 2022 Workers’ Day celebration in Uyo on Sunday with the theme; “Labour, Politics and Quest for Good Governance and Development in Nigeria,” noted the union during its congress resolved that workers and their families will only support candidate that will improve the living wages and prioritise workers’ welfare come 2023. To achieve this, the chairperson said the union would invite all governorship candidates to the Labour House after their primaries for engagement on their manifesto and items that will bring good governance to Akwa Ibom people. He listed the items on the charter to include; living wage and prioritisation of workers welfare, education, healthcare, industrialisation of the state economy and physical security, social protection and good governance. “A few days ago as part of the activities to mark 2022 Workers’ Day, Organised Labour in the State held a Workers’ Political Conference with a major Agenda of unveiling the Charter of Demands to the public as our expectations from the upcoming or would-be leaders in our State. “The conference resolved to invite all flag-bearers of Political Parties after the primaries to the Labour House for adequate engagement on our Charter, in order to deliberate and exchange their manifestoes and establish time-lines on all items which will bring the needed good governance to our people. “It was also agreed that only the Candidate that honour our Invitations and agreed with workers to resolve issues as contained in our 5-points Charter, shall be supported together with our familles during the elections of 2023. No longer shall workers sit on the fence,” James said. The state labour leader urged Gov Udom Emmanuel to assent to all pending and sensitive bills that had been passed by the Akwa Ibom House of Assembly without further delay. According to him, the bills include; the Youths Development Fund Bill and Bill Establishing Akwa Ibom State College of Science and Technology, among others. The union further called on the state governor to liaise with relevant agencies and commence the full implementation of financial autonomy of Local Government, Judiciary and the Legislature in the state. Gov Udom Emmanuel in his remarks, commended labour for their support and resilience to enhance the development of the state. Emmanuel, who was represented by the deputy governor, Mr Moses Ekpo, said that the state would continue to place issues concerning workers welfare as important for continuous harmony in the state. In his goodwill message, Sen. Ita Enang, urged workers to support the candidate that will take workers welfare as priority. Enang urged Akwa Ibom workers to support his governorship ambition as someone who has the interest of the down trodden at heart.