Forty-three aggrieved state House of Assembly aspirants under the platform of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bauchi State who are not satisfied with the conduct of the primary election have appealed to the party’s National working Committee (NWC) to order fresh elections in 11 constituencies in the state to elect delegates. Addressing a press conference at the Press Centre of the Bauchi State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), the aggrieved aspirants expressed fear that the local government delegates who would partake in the primary election were already being compromised. They, therefore, called on the party’s NWC to, as a matter of urgency, order a fresh election of the LGA delegates or allow for a direct primary election. Spokesperson of the aggrieved contestants, Saleh A Umar Nabayi, expressed surprise that the party gave its serving members in the state House of Assembly automatic tickets despite the fact that they (aggrieved aspirants) purchased expression of interest and nomination forms. According to him, none of them were informed of this before the purchased the forms to contest for seats in the state House of Assembly “We are here before you to express to the National Working Committee and the entire world about our grievances, particularly concerning our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC Bauchi State). You will recall that the State Assembly primary election has been done but we believe that it has not been concluded. “Before you this afternoon, are about forty-three loyal party members of the APC who lawfully purchased nomination/expression of interest forms to contest for various state House of Assembly seats. “Our party did not inform any aspirant that any of the serving members will be given an automatic ticket. “We all obtained forms as required by the constitution and followed all the instructions given by our leaders. We canvassed for support across our constituencies and patiently waited for the day of primary election,” Nabayi said. According to him, the primary election which was supposed to hold Thursday last week could not hold due to the late arrival of electoral materials, adding that they were surprised to be informed by the electoral committee on Friday that all the state constituencies having serving lawmakers have been given automatic tickets and as such there won’t be elections in those constituencies. He added that they held a meeting with the state chairman of the party and also lodged their complaints with the gubernatorial candidate of the party, Abubakar Saddique Baba, all of who promised to convey their grievances to the national secretariat of the party. He listed the 11 affected state constituencies to include Toro/Jama’a/Lame State Constituency in Toro Local Government; Burra State Constituency (Ningi LGA); Ganjuwa East State Constituency (Ganjuwa LGA) and Giade State Constituency (Giade LGA). Others are: Shira State Constituency (Shira LGA); Jama’are State Constituency (Jama’are LGA); Katagum State Constituency in (Zaki LGA) ; Dambam/Daguada/Jalam (Dambam LGA); Chinade/Madara in (Katagum LGA) and Warji State Constituency (Warji LGA). “The election was slated for Thursday. We sent our agents to the party secretariat. They were waiting but sadly election materials were not distributed to the officials till dusk without any communication from the election panel. “When they arrived late in the evening, they said that they could not distribute the materials that same Thursday, claiming that some of the constituencies in Bauchi State are far away from the capital. “They pleaded with us that everyone should reconvene on Friday at 7:am when the election materials would be distributed. We all left for our various destinations and returned on Friday morning. “On that Friday, we were surprised to hear from the committee that all the state constituencies that have serving lawmakers have been given automatic tickets, therefore there won’t be an election in those areas. “They said that they have received orders from the national headquarters to give automatic tickets to all the serving state Assembly members. “We expressed our anger to them that we are not in support of that arrangement. We insisted that elections must be held in all the state constituencies, including those with serving members. “The state chairman pleaded with us that we should meet the following Saturday (yesterday). Though he was not at the meeting, he was represented by his deputy. They promised to forward our complaint to Abuja. “At the same time, we discussed this with the current APC gubernatorial candidate, Ambassador Abubakar Saddique Baba, who promised to intervene in the matter for a possible solution,” Nabayi explained.