Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has said there is no going back on leaving office after completing his constitutionally guaranteed tenure, emphasising that the May 29, 2023, handover date is sacrosanct. Speaking through Malam Garba Shehu, his media aide, Buhari said the current administration would honour the constitution and people’s right to decide. 2. The Federal Government, on Tuesday, said Nigerians spend between USD1.2 and USD1.6 billion (N664bn at 415/$) on medical tourism annually. Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said this during a guided tour of Duchess International Hospital in Lagos. 3. Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State has expressed concern over the kind of messages the All Progressives Congress, APC, will be telling Nigerians with former President Goodluck Jonathan as its presidential candidate, saying he is not sellable. The Governor spoke Tuesday while responding to questions from State House reporters after meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. 4. A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has nullified the Asset Tracing, Recovery and Management Regulations, 2019 for being “an invalid statutory instrument.” The court further nullified all sales and disposal of assets made by the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) Abubakar Malami, SAN, under the Asset Tracing, Recovery and Management Regulations, 2019. 5. The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders’ Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) says the spate of insecurity in the South-East is not targeted at herders. The South-East Zonal Chairman of MACBAN, Alhaji Gidado Siddiki, said this in an interview in Enugu on Tuesday. 6. The Senate, on Tuesday, passed an amendment to the Electoral Act 2022 to allow statutory delegates participate in political parties’ congresses and conventions. The current version, which was assented to by President Muhammadu Buhari in February this year, prevents statutory delegates from taking part in party primaries. 7. Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State says President Muhammadu Buhari has accepted his request for a political solution regarding the case of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. The governor stated this on Tuesday while speaking with States House Correspondents shortly after he paid a thank you visit to the President over the two days work visit to the State last week. 8. A blast suspected to be a bomb explosion has again exploded in Jalingo, the capital of Taraba State. The explosion, which occurred on Tuesday at about 9pm, took place a few metres away from the military base located in the Jalingo metropolis. 9. Students of the University of Ilorin, on Tuesday, staged a peaceful protest to express their disappointment over the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities, vowing that they would not have anything to do with the 2023 general election if the government allowed the strike to linger. 10. President of the Nigeria Football Federation, Amaju Pinnick, has confirmed that a new head coach for the country’s senior national team will be announced latest Thursday. The Super Eagles have been without a full-time manager since December 2021, following the sacking of Gernot Rohr.