The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has condemned the killing of Lady Fatima and her children. CAN told South-East leaders to stop further elimination of innocent people by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). On Sunday, gunmen killed at least seven citizens in different parts of Anambra State. The lives of Fatima and four kids were terminated at Isulo under Orumba North Local Government Area. Two others were killed at Abatete in Idemili North Local Government Area and another at Nanka, Orumba North Local Government Area. In a statement on Wednesday, CAN demanded justice for the victim hacked by the “unknown gunmen”. CAN President Samson Ayokunle urged security agencies to fish out those responsible for the wicked act. His spokesman, Pastor Bayo Oladeji said the criminality “is totally unacceptable, unjustifiable and reprehensible to all right thinking people.” Oladeji noted that gangs are operating with impunity while those expected to apprehend them “appear powerless.” He said happenings in Nigeria are not the dream of those who fought for independence from colonial masters. “It is disheartening that nowhere is safe again. Killers, bandits, terrorists and kidnappers are on rampage in every nook and cranny of the country. “All the government is able to do is to issue periodic statements condemning them without any decisive action to bring the culprits to book.” CAN called on IPOB to stop their violent activities under the pretext of fighting for independence. “Are they fighting for a country for the dead or the living? Their criminalities are not helping the case of their leader, Nnamdi Kanu.” The Christian leadership said their actions are not only giving the Ndigbo a bad name but creating an atmosphere for ethno-religious war. The body charged Igbo elites, political, religious leaders and traditional rulers to stop the bloodshed and tension in the region. The statement commiserated with family members of the persons killed, including of those of Anambra House of Assembly, Okechukwu Okoye.