Former Ogun State Governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, caught many by surprise as he attended the presidential declaration of the Governor of Ekiti State, Kayode Fayemi in Abuja. Fayemi, on Wednesday, formally declared his interest to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. Among the dignitaries present at the event was Amosun, who is also eyeing the presidential seat in the coming election. On Thursday, Amosun would officially declare his presidential ambition in Abuja under the All Progressives Congress (APC). Amosun’s presence at Fayemi’s presidential declaration in just a day to his own event has been generating reactions on social media. Many have queried what the two friends might be up to, even as some opined that there might be a political game plan to be unveiled by the two APC chieftains. Olusola Akinwale said: “Ibikunle Amosun attended Kayode Fayemi’s formal declaration for Aso Rock. Amosun’s declaration for the same office comes up on Thursday. Those men are ‘padi padi’. They know what they are doing. They are catching cruise. Nigeria is their country club.” Jaiye Olugbenga tweeted: “Amosun attends Gov Fayemi’s Presidential declaration. Interesting.” King David opined that, “Don’t be surprised that Tinubu chose to fund Fayemi and Amosun so that at the 11th hour, they will divert their supporters/delegate to Tinubu in form of stepping down for him. Don’t be surprised if it happens.” Dolapo Drizzle stated: “Amosun was present at Fayemi’s declaration earlier today. He himself is declaring tomorrow. This Abuja presidential race go funny die.” Joel Jacob posted: “Was anyone surprised that Amosun attended Fayemi’s declaration? The game is the game. Politics is deep. Even the church will learn from the turnout of events.” The duo of Amosun and Fayemi will join Chief Bola Tinubu and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as the APC presidential aspirants from the South West. Meanwhile, it was gathered that some APC leaders from the South West are planning to meet with the aspirants ahead of the APC primary election.