A political group, Positive Agenda Nigeria (PAN) has advised candidates and political parties participating in the forthcoming gubernatorial election in Osun State to sensitise their members and supporters. The group noted that the need for the candidates and political parties to sensitise their members and supporters is necessary to avoid physical attacks before, during and after the gubernatorial election. The gubernatorial election in Osun State has been fixed to hold on Saturday 16 July 2022. PAN has, however, urged the political parties and their members, especially the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the major opposition in the state, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) sensitise their supporters and social media handlers on media literacy skills. The group in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday said this is necessary to manage the rate of online personality attacks and potential physical attacks in the state prior, during and after the election. The group said that its advice to the political parties and their candidates is premised on the new findings as part of her ongoing Osun 2022 Election campaign monitoring. The group in the statement signed by its Team Lead, Dr Rasheed Adebiyi insisted that its finding revealed that campaign buses and posters of political parties and their candidates were destroyed recently. It added that this shows a lack of tolerance which can degenerate into more dangerous attacks if not controlled. PAN also called on parties and their candidates to desist from vote-buying. The group said, “The online and offline trajectories of the campaign activities of the two leading political parties in the governorship election raises some concerns which should be addressed by the parties, the electoral umpire, and other stakeholders. “That over 63% of 119 traces of attacks as a strategy discovered for the three weeks were found on pages of political parties’ supporters and groups is an indication that the political parties need to work with their members and supporters to prevent further escalation of online attacks into the physical space. “That campaign buses and posters were destroyed also shows a lack of tolerance which can degenerate into more dangerous attacks if not controlled. “Political campaigns should be opportunities for presenting manifestoes and convincing the electorate about parties’ programmes and projects, and not for discussing the competencies and maligning personal attributes of political opponents. “This report shows that beyond their political differences, the two leading political parties united to condemn the physical attacks that occurred during the ruling party’s campaign activities in a town in the state. The organisation equally called on parties and their candidates to desist from vote-buying in whatever forms and ensure that their campaign speeches are policy-engaged.