Two of the strong governorship hopefuls for the 2023 elections in Akwa Ibom State under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Bassey Albert and Dr Owodiong Idemeko have condemned the ward delegate congresses conducted last Saturday in Akwa Ibom describing it as a sham and fraudulent. In a statement from the Campaign organisation of Idemeko signed by Secretary Dr John Obisung and made available to journalists in Uyo on Tuesday, the group said it was unfortunate that their journey towards the liberation of Akwa Ibom has started on a shaky note. He alleged that the state PDP instead of being on the driver’s seat to liaise with the Ward Congresses Committee from Abuja, to conduct the Congresses, allowed the Maintain Peace Movement, MPM, (a support group of Gov Emmanuel’s preferred aspirant) to take over, describing such move as an aberration. The campaign group explained that their principal, Obong Ide Owodiong-Idemeko was at the ward office as early as 8am with party faithful to elect the Adhoc delegates but until the sunset, neither the materials nor any party official designated to carry out the assignment was sighted adding that the same story emanated from virtually the entire wards across the state. They further said “Democracy is about mass participation in choosing our leaders and any action to circumvent it will be resisted within the ambit of the law and every legally accepted means. In corroboration, the Chairman of Bassey Akpan’s gubernatorial campaign organization, Bishop Andrew Uwanta while describing the ward delegate election in the state as a sham, called for its cancellation. He said that elections were not held in most wards in the state and the few where it was held were characterised by the hijack of materials, imposition and manipulation of the process to favour the aspirant being supported by Governor Udom Emmanuel. He said, “I was to stand election as an ad-hoc delegate but unfortunately in my ward materials didn’t come and no officer was posted to that place. But of course, I had gone to the state Secretariat of the party but did not see the normal arrangement that was always made before such congresses like bringing materials and posting officers, distributing them according to Wards and local governments, of course, that did not happen. “But then I went to my ward and waited but no materials arrived and in the presence of observers I asked the ward secretary who didn’t have the result sheet whether he can count and record the process but then where is the form and result sheet. “So in reality in almost all the wards in Akwa Ibom people who were ready to contest in a free and fair election were denied the opportunity. The government may be decided to hijack the materials for his favoured aspirant.”