The ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, in Ebonyi State, on Friday, held its House of Representatives primaries in the six federal constituencies of the state. DAILY POST gathered that there were parallel primaries in the 13 local government areas of the state. The parallel elections were conducted by two factions that are loyal to Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi and the former Chairman of Revenue Mobilization Allocation and Fiscal Commission, RMAFC, Elias Mbam. The two factions conducted their primaries in separate venues, with the supervision of the House of Representatives electoral committee and independent National electoral commission, INEC, as well as security agencies. However, Julius Emmanuel Ukachukwu, emerged winner for Ohaozara, Onicha and Ivo, OHANIVO, Federal Constituency primary election that took place at Obiozara, headquarters of Ohaozara Local Government Area of the state. Ukachukwu polled a total of 150 votes to defeat his closest rival and only opponent, Hon. Felix Igboke, who scored 20 votes. DAILY POST learnt that a total number of accredited delegates were 170 and number of invalid votes was zero, and that the exercise was peaceful, credible and without any hitches. Also, the incumbent Chairman of Ohaukwu Local Government Area, Mr. Clement Odah emerged winner of the House of Representatives primary election for Ohaukwu/Ebonyi Federal Constituency. Odah polled a total of 134 votes to defeat his rival, Pastor Eze Nwachukwu Eze, who secured 3 votes to emerge winner. The Returning Officer, Christopher Okey, who spoke at the venue, said 140 delegates participated while those accredited were 139 and two invalid votes were recorded. Similarly, the member representing Ikwo/Ezza South Federal Constituency at the National Assembly, Mr. Chinedu Ogah, also emerged winner to run for a second term in office in the national assembly. The election took place at Community Primary School, Agubia, Ikwo L.G.A of Ebonyi State, and it witnessed the presence of Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, and APC officials, including security operatives and party faithful. The Returning Officer, Mr. Nkemka Onuma who declared Ogah winner, said he polled a total of 154 votes out of the 155 votes cast by the delegates drawn from Ikwo/Ezza-South Federal Constituency. In their separate reactions, the winners; Ogah, Odah and Ukachukwu, commended the leaders of the party for giving them the opportunity to fly the flag of the ruling APC in Ebonyi State and vowed to win in the forthcoming 2023 general elections.