Ekiti State Governor, Dr. John Kayode Fayemi on Wednesday declared his intention to run for the office of Nigeria president on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Fayemi during his declaration urged Nigerians to use the 2023 general elections to make choices that will guarantee peace and a secured the nation for coming generations. Fayemi in his declaration speech noted that the trying times being experienced in Nigeria and globally, if properly managed, can be converted into transformational moments that allow both for the achievement of a fundamental national reset and a major leap forward in our national affairs. He spoke at the public declaration of his ambition to contest the 2023 Presidential election on the ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC). His words, “The words that I hear from many Nigerians from various walks of life assures me that as a people, guided by the right leadership coalition, we are poised not to allow tough times lead us into debilitating pessimism. “Neither are we ready to forget the gains of six decades of our independent statehood. Instead, we share a strong desire to seize the moment and strive for a wholesome recalibration that enables us to build upward and higher in unity and unison”. “My own journey into public life has taught me that while we must never as a people be complacent about our circumstances, there is also no noble project of national advancement that is beyond our grasp when we act as one with a clear vision, courage of conviction and the requisite commitment. “Compatriots, it is in the spirit of this abiding faith in our country and the promise of its unfinished greatness that I stand before you today, in total humility and with all sense of responsibility, to solemnly declare to all within our party and Nigerians at large, my decision to accept my name to be put forward for consideration by the APC leadership and membership as the party’s standard bearer in the upcoming contest for a successor to President Muhammadu Buhari. “This is not a decision which I have taken lightly. Indeed, to arrive at this point, I carried out a long and deep self-introspection with the help of my wife, Bisi and other family members, my friends, and my political associates and professional colleagues. “I have also traversed the length and breadth of our country to consult and explore with our esteemed elder statesmen and women, traditional rulers, a cross section of party leaders and rank and file members, and various non-partisan leaders of thought and opinion. “I embarked on these outreach visits neither with prior assumptions about what they would yield nor with any sense of personal entitlement. “However, after a careful consideration of where we are as a nation and the many perspectives which are emerging about the challenges, old and new, which we must tackle and transcend, I am convinced that my entry into the race will offer our members and Nigerians the opportunity to examine competing visions for national rebirth in the best interest of our country. “It is on the foundation of a clear vision of our national future accompanied by a carefully thought out programme of action that I present my candidature, fully convinced on the basis of what I have experienced, heard, and seen about the demands of the times and the aspirations of our people. ” It is my conviction that the agenda that I am proposing for our country is one which will find favour with APC members and win resounding traction with the generality of Nigerians. “Let us together, as one people, dig deep into our history and our hearts to revive hope and do the work of faith that will positively re-energise our homes and our lives for the common and greater good. “Despair is easy to spread. Hope can be daunting to sustain. And faith can be severely shaken. But while the night may be long, the dawn must come – and it always does. “That’s why Nigeria is worth fighting and living for. I offer myself as the leadership figure who is willing and primed to work with you, beloved compatriots, to launch and drive the hard work of surmounting difficult times, fostering trust, and building bridges with a view to carrying us in unity, equity, and justice into our new dawn of progress and prosperity, he stated. Among what to expect from his administration if elected, Fayemi promised to carry out revolution in the Agric sector to ensure food sufficiency, exportation and foreign exchange earnings. He also pledged to take a critical look into the security architecture of the nation with a view to make reposition that would enhance adequate security of life and property in all parts of the country. Fayemi in his speech, paid glowing tributes to President Muhammadu Buhari for what he described as his wise counselling while working for him. Fayemi pleaded with Nigerians to join hands with him in making his dream a reality and making Nigeria great again.