Olusegun Sylvester Ojo, a Professor of Consultant Pathologist at the Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital Complex, (OAUTHC),Ile-Ife, Osun State has told an Osun State High Court that the cause of the death of Timothy Adegoke may be natural. Ojo made this known during the resumed hearing of the murder case against the founder of Hilton hotel, Ile-Ife, Ramon Adedoyin and six others on Wednesday at the Osun State High Court, Osogbo. His report was made after examining the autopsy report on late Timothy Adegoke Oluwadamilare, which was conducted on November 22, 2021. Ojo also told the court that the death of Adegoke could not be anatomically determined. Timothy Adegoke, was an Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, postgraduate student, who was allegedly killed inside the Hilton Hotels and Suites owned by Rahman Adedoyin, for which he and six of his workers are facing trial. DAILY POST recalls that the High Court had adjourned hearing on the matter to May 25, 2022, to allow the defendants to open their defence. At the resumed trial, Femi Falana cross examined the Consultant Pathologist, who revealed that the advanced stage of the decomposing body had made it difficult to determine the cause of death. The pathologist further ruled out violence as the cause of death of Adegoke Timothy. In his words, “No internal bleeding, no evidence of external bleeding.” Dr W. A. Oluogun, and seven other pathologists carried out the autopsy on Timothy Adegoke’s body. The defendants, Adedoyin, Magdalene Chiefuna (24), Adeniyi Aderogba (37), Oluwale Lawrence (37), Oyetunde Kazeem (38), Adebayo Kunle (35) and Adedeji Adesola (23), were arraigned on March 3 on an 11 count charge bothering on conspiracy to commit murder, unlawful killing of Timothy Adegoke, conspiracy to commit a felony, dumping of the body of Adegoke, conspiracy to improperly and indecently interfere with the body of Adegoke, conspiracy to alter receipt, altering and cancelling of receipt and administering of extra-judicial oath in connection with the killings.