Aspirants and members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State said they are not sure whether or not primary elections would hold in the State, DAILY POST reports. This, they said, was because the usual activities preceding the primary elections are not taking place anywhere in the State. Unlike in 2019, no aspirant is seen moving from one ward to another to canvas for the votes of the delegates. Also, the party members disclosed that they are not aware of the mode of primary and those to make the list of delegates in the various primaries. DAILY POST observes that, in less than 48 hours to the governorship primaries slated for Friday, the party is yet to release names of aspirants who were screened and cleared for the contest. A House of Assembly aspirant, who spoke under the condition of anonymity, said he and his fellow contestants were screened at the June 12 Cultural Centre, Kuto Abeokuta. “Yes, we have been screened, but we don’t know how the primary will go. We know the date, but there is no enough information from Abuja. We don’t know what the National Working Committee of the APC is up to,” he said. However, a leader of the party in Ogun State said “the national leadership of the party is considering a unity list.” According to the source, the unity list, which would come in form of consensus, would accommodate the various groups in the Ogun APC. DAILY POST recalls that the APC in Ogun State is divided between the incumbent Governor Dapo Abiodun and his predecessor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun. At the moment, aspirants and members are awaiting information from the party leadership as the governorship primary election draws closer. Meanwhile, Gov Abiodun, on Wednesday, said he had critical stakeholders meeting with party officials from Abuja in Abeokuta, where he called for a peaceful conduct of the forthcoming primary elections of the APC. “I urged party leaders to use their respected positions to educate all party faithful on the benefits of peace, equity and fairness in our internal democratic process as we get set for the primaries,” Abiodun said.