The All Progressives Congress (APC) led administration of Adegboyega Oyetola has been described as a failure in the management of the State’s abundant wealth resources. Akin Ogunbiyi, the gubernatorial candidate of the Accord Party in Osun State gave the verdict during, weekend, in a reaction to the statement made by Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State regarding the Osun governor. Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State had described his Osun colleague as a manager of resources when he took his presidential nomination campaign to the State. He had also stated that he was unapologetically committed to Oyetola’s re-election and his second term gubernatorial ambitions. Ogunbiyi also noted that if the APC-led administration was left to continue to rule, the State would totally collapse. The Accord Party guber flagbearer also wondered what Oyetola was doing in the last 12 years he had been in government, first as the Chief of Staff and then as the governor. Revealing that Osun has 26 commercially viable mineral resources, the insurance magnate turned politician maintained that Oyetola lacked the intellectual capacity and managerial skills to turn the mineral resources to wealth for the benefits of the citizenry of the State. In his words, “How can a governor of our State be appraised for managing non-existing resources? That is disgraceful. That is laziness. We are surrounded by wealth but those in this government cannot utilize the same. “That is why Oyetola is celebrating payment of workers’ salaries. Is salary payment a major achievement? Yet, he didn’t fully fulfill this obligation to the workers. He promoted them without paying the emoluments justifiable for their new levels.” Ogunbiyi, who berated Governor Oyetola for waiting for monthly allocation from the federation account instead of working hard to unearth the State’s abundant wealth, promised to turn the State around if elected as governor by engaging in viable economic ventures through agriculture, mining, sports and entertainment. He added that his government would be the first to introduce a trillion naira budget in the State and ensure its implementation.