Victims of the Abuja-Kaduna train attack, especially family members of those who were abducted have resolved to truncate the resumption of the train services, following repair works which were completed recently. Recall that the Nigerian Railways Corporation ( NRC ) had informed Nigerians that it has effected repairs on the train route and was making preparations to resume train operations on the same route. Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi had in a statement confirmed that the train services will resume on the route on July 29. The aggrieved family members resolved to take the action on Monday in Abuja at a press conference. They criticised the Federal Government for paying lip service to their plight. Mrs. Zara Aliyu who spoke on behalf of the families said they would not allow the train service to resume operation on the route until their family members who are being held hostage are released. She also called on the government to put adequate security measures in place to guarantee the safety of the prospective passengers. The group also accused the Minister of being insensitive for running around at a stadium in PortHarcourt recently where he declared his intention to run for the office of the President instead of working toward rescuing the victims. According to Zara,” We are the families of abducted passengers of NRC AK9 Abuja- Kaduna bound Train attacked on March 2022. “Today marks the 42nd day our loved ones have been held, hostage. It has been 42 long days of living in fear, virtually no sleep, no bath, wearing the same clothes under the scorching sun and rain and being exposed to extreme environmental hazards. ” The emotional psychology, mental and physical torture arising from these conditions are only imaginable. ” We read in the news that one of the two pregnant women in captivity delivered her baby in the forest. ” Giving birth is supposed to be a moment of joy, how would it have been if this woman delivered her baby in the comfort of a maternity ward? ” She said they were disappointed in the nonchalant attitude of the Minister toward the plight of the victims. She noted that the NRC did not contact them one week after the Presidential directive was issued that the management of Nigerian Railways Corporation should establish a Situation Room to give updates on the rescue effort of the relatives. They also called for the intervention of the National Assembly to prevail on the relevant security agencies to ensure the safety and rescue of the victims. ” Just a few days after March 28th Mr. Amaechi was seen running around the stadium in PorthHarcourt where he declared his intention to become the next President of Nigeria. We had expected Mr. Amaech to be running around as to how to get his abducted passengers rescued and this is highly disappointing “