No fewer than seven aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), have indicated interest to represent Oyo Central senatorial district in the national assembly in the next general elections. Our correspondent gathered that the aspirants who have indicated interest have purchased the nomination and expression of interest forms and have been screened by the party. It was gathered that the aspirants are from the major towns that make up the senatorial district. DAILY POST learnt that Oyo central is made up of eleven local government areas spread across Ibadan (5) Oyo (4) and Ogbomoso (2). The local government areas are Atiba, AFIJIO, Oyo East, Oyo West, Akinyele, Egbeda, Lagelu, Oluyole, Ona Ara, Surulere and Ogo Oluwa. It was gathered that four people among whom are a female have represented the district since the inception of the fourth republic in 1999. Those who have represented the district include the current Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Lekan Balogun from Ibadan (1999-2003) Senator Teslim Folarin from Ibadan (2003-2011), Senator Hamzat Ademola Adeseun from Ogbomoso (2011-2015) Senator Monsurat Jumoke Sunmonu, the only female senator who is from Oyo (2015-2019) and the current occupant, Teslim Folarin who has earlier served between 2003 and 2011. DAILY POST gathered that seven aspirants on the platform of APC are currently battling for the ticket of the party. Those who have purchased the forms and are currently struggling to secure the ticket of the party include Senator Hamzat Ademola Adeseun, Dr. Yunus Akintunde and Mr. Faozey Oladotun. Others are Mr. Abisoye Fagade, Mr. Bimbo Kolade, Barrister Wakil Oyedemi and Mr. Kazeem Kolawole Raji. Our correspondent learnt that the aspirants have been lobbying the leaders of the party and its members to secure the ticket. DAILY POST gathered that the aspirants have been moving from Ibadan to Oyo and Ogbomoso and other towns and villages to seek the support of the members ahead of the primary election. The senatorial primary election of the party has been slated to hold on Friday, 27th May 2022.