Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The National Chairman of the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP), Professor Rufai Ahmed Alkali says his party will shock those taking it for granted. He said this Saturday during a media briefing held at the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja. 2. Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State has imposed curfew on the State’s metropolis over the violent protest by youths who were demanding the release of two suspects arrested in connection with the killing of Deborah Emmanuel over alleged blasphemy. 3. Father Matthew Kukah, Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, has denied the reports that an angry mob burnt down his Sokoto residence on Saturday. He, however, said there was an attack and some valuables were vandalized. 4. Suspected Ansaru terrorists who bombed Abuja-Kaduna train and abducted dozens of passengers have released a pregnant passenger. In a video the woman (name withheld) called on the Federal Government to negotiate with the terrorists to save the lives of others who are still with them. 5. The remains of the late Deborah Samuel, a student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto State, were laid to rest in her hometown, Tungan Magajiya in Rijau Local Government Area of Niger State yesterday amidst tears. 6. The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, yesterday, directed all churches across the country and Christian stakeholders to embark on a peaceful nationwide protest over the lynching of Deborah Samuel, a 200-level student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto State. The protest is expected to take place May 22. 7. The Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB) has released the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) results. A statement by the Head, Public Affairs and Protocol, Fabian Benjamin, said to check results, candidates need to send a text message, UTMERESULT to 55019 using the same phone number they had used for registration and the result would be sent. 8. The Coalition of South East Youth Leaders, COSEYL, has warned against further attacks on Igbos residing in Sokoto State and their shops. The warning was contained in a statement by the President General of COSEYL, Goodluck Ibem. 9. Abdulmumin Jibrin, a top campaigner for the All Progressives Congress chieftain, Bola Tinubu, has given reasons for dumping the presidential campaign of the ex-governor of Lagos State. In a statement on Saturday, Jibrin said he had no choice but to quit Tinubu’s campaign after his exit from the APC to the New Nigeria People’s Party, led by former Kano State governor and NNPP presidential aspirant, Rabiu Kwankwaso. 10. The Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Matthew Hassan-Kukah, has suspended all Masses in the Sokoto metropolis. This was contained in a statement on Saturday, signed by the Director, Social Communications of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Rev. Fr Christopher Omotosho.