An Ado Ekiti High Court has sentenced a 32-year-old Adeosun Segun to 21 years imprisonment for an offence bordering on armed robbery. The convict was arraigned on one count charge of Armed Robbery on 15th August, 2021 before Justice Bamidele Omotoso. The charge reads: “That you, Adeosun Segun, on the 4th August, 2021 at Ado Ekiti within the jurisdiction of the court, did rob one Abdullai Ashimu of a sum of N10, 000.00, at the time of the robbery; you were armed with offensive weapon, to wit, knife.” According to the charge, the offence contravenes Section 1 (2) of the Robbery and Firearms (Special Provision) Act Cap.R.II, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004. In his testimony before the court, the victim said, “I am an Okada rider, around 10:30am on that day, I conveyed the convict from Ijigbo to Ajebamidele area of Ado Ekiti, with payment agreement of N200, when we got to a bush path, he stopped me and asked for a change of N800, because he wanted to give me N1,000, when I gave him the change, instead of giving me N1,000, he brought out a knife and threatened to kill me if I did not cooperate, he collected my N10,000 (meant for contribution), when he wanted to collect my motorcycle, I started shouting for help which attracted the passersby, he later released the motorcycle and ran away, he was chased by residents and was arrested around Omisanjana area of Ado Ekiti,” he concluded. To prove his case, the state counsel, Folasade Alli, called one witness and tendered statements of the defendant and the victim as exhibits while the convict also spoke in his own defense through his counsel, Olayinka Opaleke, who pleaded to court to be lenient in its judgment, adding that, the defendant is a first offender who also has dependants. In his judgment, Justice Bamidele Omotoso said, there is no evidence of previous criminal record of the defendant before the court, he did not benefit from the proceeds of the crime as the money stolen by him was removed from the crowd that arrested him and has since his arrest on 4/8/21, been in the custody of the Nigeria Correctional service. Taking all these into consideration, the court shall consider an option of fine for the defendant. ‘’Consequently, the defendant is hereby sentenced to imprisonment of twenty one years (21) with an option of fine of a sum of N25,000.00 only.’’ In the computation of the period of detention, the term of imprisonment shall begin to run from 4th of August, 2021.