A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Enugu State, Senator Ben Collins Ndu has described the April 30, 2022, ad hoc delegates congress held in the state as credible and peaceful. DAILY POST reports that Senator Ike Ekweremadu, who is a governorship aspirant on the platform of the party, had kicked against the list which emerged from the exercise. But speaking during an interface with delegates from Enugu West Senatorial District, Ndu said the delegates emerged through a very transparent process. The Enugu West delegates also met with Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, during which they said they were solidly behind him and would vote according to his direction in the selection of PDP candidates for the 2023 general elections in the State. Ndu, had prior to the meeting between the delegates and the Governor re-echoed that Ugwuanyi, who he described as a “peaceful and good man”, remained the leader of the party and would give the PDP members in the State a direction ahead of the primary election. He told the delegates to obey the decision of the Governor in choosing candidates for various positions. The PDP chieftain, who is seeking a return to the Senate for Enugu West Senatorial District, said the “Ife Emelunma” rally held last year had demystified those who felt they were in charge of affairs. “The Governor scored us 98 percent because the rally changed the dynamics in Enugu State. The Governor is a good man, he is a peaceful man and that is why we are totally supporting his leadership. “We did a 3-man ad hoc delegates election and we did it successfully; it has all the mark of credibility across the State. “We are all supporting His Excellency, and like we said, wherever he is going, we are going with him. If it is not your turn today, it could be your turn tomorrow.” He declared that he was in the race to represent the people of Enugu West Senatorial zone, vowing that, “I am not afraid and that is why I took the lead in the support for the Governor through the rally we did last year.” He said the people of Enugu West had already been liberated, stressing, “before now, people cannot meet freely in Enugu West, but today, I urge you all to hold your meetings, even in your bedroom without fear. “Don’t be afraid of anybody, we won’t run away because of him; we have one leader, our dynamic Governor, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi.”