The Head of the apex Traditional Rulers’ Council in Akwa Ibom State, the Oku Ibom Ibibio and President General of Akwa Ibom State Traditional Rulers’ Council, His Eminence, Ntinyin Solomon Daniel Etuk has called on all stakeholders, including politicians in Akwa Ibom State to emphasize peace towards the general election. He said that Akwa Ibom State and Nigeria in general needed peace and unity for greater progress. He also called on Nigerians to pray fervently for peace this period. The monarch, who is also the Chancellor of Akwa Ibom State University, made the call when he received a large delegation of Brotherhood of the Cross and Star dignitaries, led by Brigadier-General (Archbishop) Solomon David (rtd) in his palace. The delegation visited to inform and invite the eminent monarch and his traditional council to the 35th annual Akwa Ibom State Love and Unity Feast holding in Oron LGA of the State, on Saturday 14 May, 2022. He expressed happiness for the visit and encouraged the fold to lead the vanguard of prayers for continued peace, unity and wellbeing in the State and the country. “This visit is very special and very welcomed. We rarely accept visitations outside our council meeting days, but I decided to accept this visit today because I hold you all in high esteem. “I want you all to be fervent in your prayers, especially as we journey into the electioneering period in our State and the country. We need peace and all must work towards it. “BCS faithfuls should pray unceasingly for peaceful coexistence in the State.” The paramount Ruler of Nsit Atai LGA, HRM Okon Effiong also called for prayers. Addressing the traditional rulers in council, Brigadier-General David (rtd) gave the history of the Akwa Ibom Unity Feast and its essence. “The Brotherhood of the Cross and Star organises this Love and Unity Feast yearly in Akwa Ibom State to appreciate God’s love for creating the State for Himself in 1987, as well as for the peace and unity amongst all the ethnic groups in the State,” he said. According to him, the annual celebration was not only very significant, and impactful, but its effects had transcended beyond the State.