A Southern Kaduna based peace advocacy group has decried the renewed attack in the Gora Gan Community of Zango Kataf Local Government Area by criminal elements. The group expressed worry that the perpetrators of the attack were determined to disrupt the peace so far instituted by the internal military activities of Operation Safe Haven (OPSH). The Southern Kaduna Peace Practitioners Network (SOKIPEP),
in its reaction to an attack in the community which claimed six lives said the action of the aggressors was despicable, barbaric, and reprehensible. On Wednesday, the group’s National President, SOKIPEP, Rev. Dauda Fadia, in a statement charged security agencies to go to every length in fishing out the culprits and their sponsors and ensure they face the long arm of the law. It also appealed to both the Federal and Kaduna State governments to immediately deploy relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs as many community members have been forced to seek refuge in the camp. The group condoled the families of the deceased indigenes and the people of Southern Kaduna over the development and thanked the OPSH for its prompt response which it noted, brought the situation under control. It also appealed to indigenes of the community to remain calm and avoid reprisals, insisting that security agencies were capable of unravelling the culprits, while also warning the sponsors of the unrest and killings to desist forthwith or be prepared to face the wrath of God. “As a peace advocacy group working with both security agencies and stakeholders in Southern Kaduna to bring lasting peace to our area, we note with concern the latest attack on Gora Gan Community of Zango Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State. We condemn in the strongest terms yet another attack by some mindless and senseless criminals in Gora Gan village which claimed the lives of six persons. “This attack by some suspected cattle rustlers whose mission was to steal some bulls being used by the locals for farming is unfortunate and must be condemned by all. We condole with the government and people of Southern Kaduna over the loss of six in the attack, our heart is with them, “the statement said. “We wish to acknowledge the prompt response of OPSH in quelling the Gora Gan village attack. Worthy of commendation is the timely and quick response of the men of Operation Safe Haven who gave the attackers a hot chase and as a result, killed four of them, “SOKIPEP said.