Reactions have trailed the resignation of Peter Obi as member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential. DAILY POST had reported that Obi had on Wednesday announced his resignation from the opposition party. He said recent developments within the party made it practically impossible to continue participating and making constructive contributions. “Our national challenges are deep-seated and require that we each make profound sacrifices towards rescuing our country. My commitment to rescuingNigeria remains firm, even if the route differs,” Obi had said. Reacting, some Nigerians on social media said Obi left the party due to the crisis in Anambra PDP and corruption in the party. Here are some comments DAILY POST curated; @firstladyship, “Peter Obi will defeat the PDP and the APC in any party. The Office of the citizens of Nigeria is the highest office in the land. This organic support has taken off. They can no longer stop us. Only God can. Obi is an idea whose time has come. The gang up against him won’t stop us.” @chizchio1, “When he #PeterObi said, ‘even if I lose at PDP primaries it doesn’t stop me from contesting for president,’ dey did not get the point, We don’t play politics of sharing money. Nigeria must be great again.” @Yumilicious, “What Peter Obi just did today has just placed him on another level of political recognition and trust. Some of us were skeptical about having PDP coming back to government. So now that he has emancipated himself from them, we Move.” @sodiqtade, “If Peter Obi gets another party ticket then some neutrals are going to campaign for him. Now the opposition is going to share votes with Kwakwanso in the North, and share votes with Obi in the South East. This isn’t looking good for the opposition that is trying to get back to power.” @chosensomto, “Peter Obi’s exit from PDP is a sad development; this NWC obviously can’t handle a fair presidential primary election. An aspirant leaving the party just a few days to the election? Terrible signs and optics. Sad day for PDP, maybe the party is not ready after all.” @jaustineuche, “The lingering and unresolved crisis in Anambra State PDP chapter may have led to Peter Obi resigning from the party.” @offcial_ee90, “Just my concerns (fears) now that He Peter Obi left PDP, if he decides to run as an independent candidate,in another party, he will only succeed in wasting the votes of many Nigerians thereby making it easier for APC to win the general election.” @udochukwuokenwa, “Any Political Party Peter Obi joins, I’ll follow him to the place. If he decides not to run again, I’ll not vote. It is my personal decision. Let whoever that will win win and whether the person performs or not, it is all of us that will enjoy it.” @westkal22,”@OfficialPDPNig should watch and see how rapidly we’re going to decimate their relevance here. Wherever @PeterObi goes, we go. Aggressive campaigning and push now. All hands must certainly be on deck.” @aplha_kingdom, “I told y’all Peter Obi stands no chance. You said I know nothing about politics. Now see the coward you were all supporting.”