The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has lauded Nigerian workers for their patriotism, patience and determination toward nation-building. PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon Debo Ologunagba, on Sunday, said despite the asphyxiating environment under the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government the Nigerian workers have remained committed to the development of the country. The opposition party described workers as real drivers of national life which represent the Nigerian resilient spirit and fight for survival in the country’s resolve to move the nation forward. According to the party, “it is lamentable that the arrogance in failure and insensitivity of the APC government towards the welfare of workers continue to dislocate our Social Order and cripple our major productive sectors with a grave negative ripple effect on millions of families and the nation at large. The statement partly read “the deliberate general stagnation on issues of the welfare of workers reflects the ugly reality in our nation under a government that apparently relishes the suffering of its citizens. “Such selfish inattentiveness, corruption and incompetence of the APC administration is responsible for the closure of our public universities as the government continues in its brazen failure to attend to the demands of striking university lecturers and millions of stranded university students in our country. “The PDP calls upon the Federal Government to immediately attend to the industrial action by lecturers in our public universities so as to halt an imminent collapse of our public education sector”. The opposition party also cautioned the APC administration not to continue to take the calmness and patriotism of Nigerian Workers for granted. PDP explained that its caution was predicated on the clear signals that the APC has not demonstrated any concrete commitment to improving the welfare of the people. “Instead, the APC administration, typical of its style, continues to renege on the promises for improved workers’ welfare, ” it added. PDP also called on the workers and indeed all Nigerians to remain calm and keep hope alive as it takes strong steps to democratically return to power in 2023.