A mob in Katsina on Saturday attacked and lynched one of five armed robbers who snatched a Honda vehicle from a 52-year-old man identified as Alhaji Usman Abdulmumuni while supervising an ongoing work on his farm located at Kirkini village in Kankia Local Government Area of the state The spokesman of the Katsina State Police Command, SP Isah Gambo made the disclosure at a press briefing while parading the remains of the hoodlum. According to SP Gambo, the five robbers came in a car to meet the farmer on his farm. Then four of them alighted and politely sought to meet with him. The unsuspecting farmer crossed over to meet them and when he got there, they pointed a gun at him, disclosing that they are armed robbers. Then went ahead to collect his phone and the money he had on him. They also demanded his car key which he handed to them. The farmer, however, quickly alerted the community of the development who in turn reached out to the Divisional Police Officer in the area. Unfortunately for the robbers, the route they took led them into the hands of an angry mob from the community who had hit the road in search of them. While four of the robbers managed to escape, the one driving the stolen car was apprehended and beaten to a pulp by the angry mob. SP Gambo in his report said: “On 21/05/2022 at about 1200hrs, a distress call was received that armed robbers numbering about five in a motor vehicle, attacked one Alhaji Usman Abdulmumini, aged 52yrs of Charanchi LGA. “The farmer was supervising work at his farm, in Kirkini village, Kankia LGA, when the robbers at gunpoint snatched away his blue colour motor vehicle, ‘Honda – Discussion Continue’ with registration number CRC 135 KA, valued at N2.6 million. “On receipt of the report, the DPO Charanchi, led a team of policemen and blocked the Katsina – Kano highway at Charanchi town. Consequently, the team successfully intercepted the stolen motor vehicle driven by one of the robbers who tried to beat the police checkpoint but was subsequently intercepted by some community members and beaten to a coma. “In the course of searching the motor vehicle, one Makarov pistol with five rounds of 0.8mm ammunition was recovered from him. The Command is making efforts with a view to arresting other members of the syndicate that escaped in the other motor vehicle. Investigation is ongoing.”