The processes for electing the three senatorial candidates on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ahead the forthcoming general elections, as noticed by DAILY POST, were generally peaceful in Taraba state. The exercise, which commenced simultaneously at the headquarters of the three geopolitical zones, led to the emergence of the incumbent governor, Darius Dickson Ishaku, his deputy, Engineer Haruna Manu and the incumbent senator representing Taraba North, Shauibu Lau. While Ishaku emerged as a consensus candidate for Taraba South, that of the deputy governor who is from the Central zone and Senator Lau from the North, were noticed to have been keenly contested alongside other aspirants. Though Ishaku was unopposed, but all due processes and formalities, as stipulated by the electoral guidelines, were observed to have been diligently carried out by the electoral officials that conducted the senatorial primaries for Taraba South. Announcing the result, the returning officer Professor Dogara Matu said numbers of accredited voters are one hundred and fifty-eight with four invalid votes. He also announced the local government councils of the zone that took part in the primaries to include Wukari, Takum, Donga, Ibbi and Ussa which was conducted at the Wukari Stadium. Elated by his victory, the governor assured the people of the senatorial district of quality representation at the upper chamber of the National Assembly come next political dispensation. Also reacting to his victory, the deputy governor vowed not to let the people of his senatorial district down if finally given the mandate come 2023. On his own part, Lau reiterated his commitment to build on his past achievements by heralding the much-desired growth to the northern part of the state if he is re-elected in 2023. Though all the primaries were conducted amid watertight security,
aspirants who could not sailed through alongside their supporters were observed to have accepted the outcome of the exercise.