Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, on Sunday, appealed to Nigerian Muslims to seek peace at all times and respect the laws of the land. DAILY POST correspondent gathered that the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar has declared tomorrow (Monday) as the first day of Shawwal which means that Muslims are to observe the Eld-Fitri festival tomorrow. Saraki has, however, advised the Muslims to extend the lessons of Ramadan to the way they live with their neighbours. He made this disclosure via a statement issued on Sunday. The former governor of Kwara State urged Muslims to seek peace at all times and promote tolerance of people who speak different languages with them. Saraki, who is one of the Presidential aspirants on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in a statement signed by his Media Aide, Yusuph Olaniyonu, also enjoined the Muslims to respect the laws of the land and exhibit discipline at all times. The former Senate President in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, added that Ramadan symbolizes Almighty Allah’s way of teaching humanity the attitude of living a virtuous life. He urged them to abstain from activities that are injurious to their health, nation and fellow human beings, the way they did during the one month fasting period. He said that he has no doubt that millions of Nigerian Muslims and their Christian counterparts who earlier this month completed the Lent period of fasting prayed for Nigeria. Saraki while speaking further, added that he is of the opinion that God will intervene in the affairs of Nigeria. He maintained that he is optimistic that the country will soon be saved from the current challenges it is facing. He said, “While all of us seek to stay away from activities that are injurious to our health, our nation, and our fellow human beings and seek to live a decent life during the fasting period, we should make this solemn and God-fearing way of life a permanent thing. “We should all extend the lessons of Ramadan to the way we live with our neighbours. We should seek peace at all times, promote tolerance of people who speak different languages with us, and worship God in different ways. “We should respect the laws of the land and exhibit discipline at all times. Our level of patriotism should increase after Ramadan. That is what this just ended holy month signifies.”