The full list of winners at the Africa Movie Viewers Choice Awards (AMVCA) eighth edition, have emerged. The AMVCA, which was held at the Eko Hotels, Lagos State, was hosted by IK Osakioduwa and South Africa’s Bonang Matheba. Nigerian actress, Osas Ighodaro won the Best Dressed Female at the event, while Best Dressed Male was Denola Grey, each going home with a cash prize of N500,000. Funke Akindele, who bagged nine nominations, won Best Actress in a comedy, while Broda Shaggi won Best Actor. Producer and actress, Teniola Aladese won the Trailblazer award with a cash prize of one million naira, and also an extra gift of $2,000 dollars from the Hollywood star, Tasha Smith. This year’s award has a new category- ‘Best social media content creator’, which was won by ‘Oga Sabinus’. Here is a full list of winners for the AMVCA 2022: Best actress in a comedy – Funke Akindele Bello (Omo Ghetto: The Saga). Best actor in a comedy – Samuel Perry ‘Broda Shaggi’ (Dwindle). Best actress in a drama – Osas Ighodaro (Rattlesnake). Best actor in a drama – Stan Nze (Rattlesnake: The Ahanna Story). Best supporting actress – Omowunmi Dada (Country Hard). Best supporting actor – Odunlade Adekola (Jankariwo). Best Director: Ramsey Nouah (The Rattlesnake) Best overall movie: Amina (by Izu Ojukwu and Okey Ogunjiofor) Best short film or online video – Taiwo Ogunnimo (I am the prostitute Mama described) Best Indigenous language (Yoruba) – Alaise – David Akande, Demola Yusuf, Edgard Leroy Best indigenous language (Hausa) – Voiceless – Rogers Ofime Best Indigenous language (Igbo) – Nne-Ka – Uche Nnanna Maduka Best Indigenous language (Swahili) – Obambo (Freddy Feruzi) Best art director (Movie or TV Series) Tunji Afolayan – Amina Best costume designer – Millicent T. Jack (Amina) Best lighting designer – Matthew Yusuf (Nneka the pretty serpent). Best picture editor: Tunde Apalowo (Maria Ebun Pataki) Best sound editor: Jim Lively and James Nelson (Amina) Best sound track – Pascal Aka, Raquel – Gold Coast Lounge Best Makeup – Balogun Abiodun ( Omo Ghetto The Saga). Best Writer: Oiseomaye, Donald Tombia, Biodun Stephen (Introducing the Kujus). Best Cinematographer: Muhammed Atta Ahmed (Rattle Snake). Best movie Southern Africa: Hairareb – Dantagos Jimmy Melani. Best movie East Africa: The Girl In The Yellow Jumper – Morocco Omari Best movie West Africa: Collision Course – Bolanle Austen-Peters, Joseph Umoibom Best Television series: (Drama or Comedy) The Mystic River – Rogers Ofime. The Multichoice talent factory: Engaito by Daisy Masembe Best Documentary: If Objects Could Speak – Saitabao Kaiyare, Mumo Liku Elena Schilling, Daniela Fritz, Ann Katrina Boberg. Best social online content creator – Oga Sabinus Best Africa Magic Original Drama series: Rishante – Dimbo Atiya. Best Africa Magic Original Comedy series: The Johnsons – Roger Ofime. Industry Merit Award – Taiwo Ajayo-Lycett