The reason some Nigerians particularly young people commit bestiality has been attributed to the harsh economy, poor parental upbringing and other social issues bedevilling the nation. DAILY POST recalls that the social media space was recently flooded with motion pictures of Nigerian ladies captured while having sexual intercourse with dogs allegedly for N2 million reward. The development which triggered outcries on social media forced the Nigeria Police to launch a manhunt to arrest and prosecute owners of the dogs who are allegedly paying ladies to have sex with their pets for rituals A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, CSP Muyiwa Adejobi had vowed that security agents would not relent until the ladies seen committing the criminal offences in viral TikTok videos were apprehended and prosecuted to serve as a deterrent to their likes Recently too, a video had emerged of a 10-year-old student of Chrisland Schools, Lagos State, engaged in sexual intercourse with her male schoolmate during a competition in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The very young school girl prior to the sexual misconduct saga had secretly operated a social media account where she posted erotic content. She was reportedly suspended by the school management after her escapades went viral on the online space. Some men of God including the founder of Salvation Ministry, Pastor David Ibiyeomie, had while reacting to the video, blamed poor parenting for the immoral behaviour of children. He said parents are carried away by economic activities and have forgotten their roles in monitoring the activities of their children. The moral issue does not exclude the male gender as three teenage boys were in January this year, caught burning the head of a girl, said to be in a relationship with one of them, for money ritual in Oke Aregba area of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. Some stakeholders who spoke with our correspondent in Abuja, listed poverty, poor parental controls, and unemployment as reasons for the moral decadence currently taking over the lives of some Nigerian youths. A lecturer at the faculty of Social Science, University of Abuja, Mr Dominick Abah who spoke with DAILY POST yesterday, said poverty is responsible for the move by ladies to sleep with dogs for money. He also stated that boredom created due to the ongoing industrial actions by the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU may also play a role in luring the young girls into such criminal acts. According to him, “poverty has taken away the conscience of Nigerians. People can now do anything for money not minding what society feels about it. They just want to survive and that’s all that matters to them. “These girls doing the rubbish may be students of public universities who are currently at home because the Federal Government decided to trash education to the dustbin just to focus on their selfish political interests. “They said an idle mind is the devil’s workshop, I’m sure that if schools were in session, there would be no room for this nonsense going on in the lives of our children. I seriously sympathize with the next generation. If care is not taken, they will definitely do worst”. Similarly, a pastor with the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG who preferred not to be mentioned, told DAILY POST that more of such atrocities would still emerge. According to him, the Holy Bible signalled that unimaginable things would happen at the end time, saying it is a sign that Jesus’ second coming is near. He said, “When things like these are happening, it should remind us that the end time is here. These are things that humans have never imagined would ever happen. How can a lady with her senses ever think of sleeping with an animal no matter how much she is offered? “If you read the book of Revelation very well, you will know that worst of these things will still happen but happy are those who will not be available to be used by the devil. Another respondent, Mr James Achuba, an Abuja based businessman blamed the dilapidation of morality on parents’ lackadaisical attitudes towards monitoring their children. He said, “Are these girls orphans? Don’t they have parents, if their identities are revealed, you may be surprised that they both have Christian names from Christian homes. Parents really need to wake up to their responsibilities. “Your son or your daughter suddenly became rich and you can’t ask what is his/her source of income? In a real sense of it, parents should be held responsible for all these”. “Where is our conscience? Our culture is been compromised. Some parents even lure their children into committing this dubious act. They just want money, they want their children to bring money home like their neighbours’ children. There is a problem with this generation.