A police Inspector, Zubairu Yusuf, serving with the Jigawa State Police Command and five other passengers travelling in a Honda Civic car escaped death on Friday afternoon by the whiskers when they had an accident at Boi in Bogoro Local Government Area of Bauchi State. An eyewitness account indicated that the accident occurred as a result of overspeeding by the driver who drove the Honda Civic car, with registration number Jigawa BKD 12 SB. The eyewitness said that the driver of the car was unaware of roadblocks mounted by the military Joint Task Force (JTF) in the area and in the process of trying to avoid hitting one of them lost control of the steering and hit an electric pole and the signboard of Government Day Secondary School, Boi. It was learnt that the car eventually ran into a provision shop, said to be owned by one Manigat Silas. The wife of the shop owner and his children as well as some buyers present at the time of the accident were said to have escaped unhurt. Confirming the accident, a member of the JTF at the roadblock, who pleaded anonymity, said that Inspector Yusuf was travelling to Dengi in Plateau State with five others, adding that the policeman was driving at high speed. “Yes, a police officer who works with the Jigawa State command had an accident here. The officer was travelling to Dengi in Plateau State with five others. He was on high speed really. He seems not to be aware of the roadblock here and it was raining here too. “The police officer and others in the car were very lucky to have escaped from the incident. In fact, the accident was very fatal. Their narrow escape is from God,” the military officer said. He, however, said no life was lost in the solo accident, adding that the victims only sustained varying degrees of injuries. “There was no loss of life except the occupants of the vehicle sustained injuries but were quickly rushed to Boi Primary Health Care for medical attention. “The accident destroyed a provision shop owned by Manigat Silas, a resident of the area whose wife and her children including some buyers too were not hurt,” the military personnel said. Meanwhile, the Unit Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in charge of Bogoro LGA, Mr Babale, while reacting to the accident advised motorists to always avoid overspeeding and also abide by other traffic rules and regulations. According to him, this would ensure that when an accident eventually occurs, the fatality rate would be minimal. Babale further urged residents to avoid doing business and erecting shops close to highways with a view to avoiding fatalities in cases of road accidents.