Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Former Vice-President, Atiku Abubakar has clinched the presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 general election. Atiku polled 371 votes at the election which was held at MKO Abiola Stadium, in Abuja, on Saturday. 2. Betty Akeredolu, First Lady of Ondo State, who is contesting the All Progressives Congress (APC) Primary election in Imo West, was chased out of the party secretariat in Imo on Saturday. The Ondo First Lady, who hails from Imo, had led her supporters to the secretariat to protest the consensus option adopted by the party in choosing its candidate for the 2023 election. 3. Lagos West Senator, Solomon Olamilekan Adeola, has won the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket of Ogun West Senatorial district for the 2023 elections. Adeola, popularly known as Yayi, polled 294 votes to defeat his main rival and incumbent Senator representing the zone, Tolu Odebiyi, who scored zero. 4. National cooking gas demand has dropped by 38 percent, according to the Nigerian Association of Liquefied Petroleum Gas Marketers, NALPGAM. The President of the Nigerian Gas Association, Ed Ubong, said at a downstream event in Lagos that national gas consumption had dropped due to high prices. 5. Controversial singer, Habeeb Okikiola, popularly known as Portable, survived a car accident shortly after apologising to the organisers of the Headies Awards for making death threats against the artistes nominated alongside him in two categories— Best Street-Hop Artiste and Rookie of the Year. 6. The Rivers State Police Command has said a total of 31 persons died during a stampede at the venue of an outreach programme put together by a new generation church in Port Harcourt on Saturday morning. The church, known as Kings Assembly, was said to have invited members of the public to partake in the event where gift items and food were promised to be shared to congregants. 7. Musa Mani, a top Commander of the Islamic State of the West Africa Province (ISWAP) has surrendered to the troops of the Multi-National Joint Task Force (MNJTF) following sustained joint operations on the fringes of Lake Chad. 8. The suspended Benue Catholic Priest, Reverend Father Hyacinth Alia, has clinched the governorship ticket of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Benue State. Rev. Father Alia picked the ticket of the party after defeating 11 other aspirants during the direct primary election of the party held across the State on Friday, May 27. 9. Incumbent Senator, Smart Adeyemi, on Saturday, lost his bid to return to represent Kogi West senatorial district at the National Assembly. He lost the ticket of the All Progressives Congress to Mr Sunday Karimi. 10. Presidential candidate on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar has applauded his co-contender in the race, Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto for withdrawing. Atiku, in a tweet, said he looked forward to working with Tambuwal.