General Officer Commanding the 82 Division of the Nigerian Army, Major General Lagbaja, has been urged to withdraw his personnel from Agulu in Anaocha Local Government Area of Anambra State. The call came following an attack on the personnel by gunmen at a military checkpoint last week, which led to a huge exchange of gunfire, causing injuries on many and deaths. Director of Sickle Cell Orphanage and Underprivileged Home, Agulu, Mrs Aisha Edwards Maduagwu, made the call to the GOC in a letter to him yesterday, which was made available to DAILY POST. Maduagwu among other reasons said the location of the army checkpoint in the community is the busy Agulu town hall, stating that exchange of gunfire in such area could lead to heavy civilian casualties. In the letter of appeal, Maduagwu called on the GOC to see reasons to relocate the checkpoint to a safer area. Parts of the letter read: “It is important that I draw your attention to the danger posed by the military checkpoint at the heart of Agulu town, in Anaocha LGA of Anambra State. This checkpoint is situated directly in front of Agulu Unity Hall which attracts heavy human and vehicular traffic with thriving commercial activities around the vicinity. “The military high command which you are amongst the top brass should consider relocating the checkpoint out from the heart of the town and be situated possibly in the boundary location away from human concentrations and residential areas. “This would minimize civilian casualties in the case of attacks, and the soldiers would be properly positioned to repel such attack without fear of hitting civilians in the crossfire.” “Such policy and measures should also be adhered to in any civilian environment unless in a state of emergency. “I would have been a victim on the episode of 30 April, if not that I abandoned my vehicle and fled into a nearby bush for safety cover. “Kindly consider this appeal on the basis of re-strategizing the military unit for maximum efficiency and productivity, as well as shielding civilian lives from being caught up in any ensuing cross fire,” she appealed.