A governorship aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State, Segun Showunmi is calling for the dissolution of the Sikirulahi Ogundele-led State executive Working Committee of the party ahead of the party primary elections. DAILY POST had earlier reported Showunmi as saying that he had dragged the Ogun PDP, as well as the party’s National Working Committee to court over the forthcoming party primaries. He had dragged a fellow aspirant, Ladi Adebutu, before the Ogun State High Court, asking him to clarify a claim that his nomination form was purchased by party exco members. Adebutu, who many regard as the major financial of the party, is currently in control of the party structure in Ogun, a situation Showunmi is not pleased with. The PDP aspirant asked the court to dissolve the State Working Committee led by Ogundele for “purchasing nomination form” for an aspirant in violation of their oath of office. He also sought an interlocutory injunction restraining the Ogundele executive from conducting the ward and State congresses. But, the case was dismissed on Thursday by Justice A. A. Akinyemi for lack of jurisdiction. Dissatisfied, Showunmi filed an appeal at the Court of Appeal sitting in Ibadan. In his notice of appeal, Showunmi said the judge “was in grave error when he held that only the Federal High Court can exercise jurisdiction in redressing the appellant’s complaint.” According to him, the trial judge erred in law for holding that the proper parties that may be affected by any decision of the court were not before the court, and as such the court is robbed of jurisdiction to entertain and adjudicate upon same. Meanwhile, Showunmi has written the PDP NWC, requesting the dissolution of the Ogun State executive over alleged violation of their oath of office. Showunmi accused the State exco of biais, saying the Ogun PDP executive officers were “compromising the process of the forthcoming governorship primary election of the party.” In the letter dated, May 20, the Vice President Atiku Abubakar’s former aide warned that if the exco is allowed to conduct the primary election, it would amount to “nugatory” and a situation whereby the party may not have a candidate at the 2023 general elections.