The over 260 young farmers, who left Enugu for Keffi, Nasarawa State, two weeks ago for training at CSS Global Farms, under the sponsorship of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s administration, have returned safely to the State, thanking Gov. Ugwuanyi for rebranding and enhancing their skills in the agricultural value chain. The excited and fulfilled-looking beneficiaries, including Reverend Sisters, who arrived Enugu at about 3:04 pm on Wednesday, moved straight to the Government House in a joyful mood to appreciate Gov. Ugwuanyi for the “wonderful opportunity” his administration gave them. Speaking on their behalf, Ikenna Ugwuanyi thanked the governor for believing so much in the youth constituency and extolled his administration’s commitment to youth empowerment in Enugu State. Ugwuanyi described the training as “two weeks of dedication; two weeks of rebranding; two weeks of mental training; two weeks of intense agricultural practice”, disclosing that “there is no one of us who is a graduate of CSS Global Farms, Keffi, today that will not attest to the fact that for two weeks we have learnt a new normal in our lives courtesy of the administration of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State”. Appreciating Gov. Ugwuanyi further, he said: “We want to say thank you so much to His Excellency. The youth constituency will always be proud of you. Your administration gave us about 95 percent support in governance and today you have given us an opportunity to become heroes. “Farmers are world heroes, and as we go into our communities to become heroes and ambassadors courtesy of His Excellency, the Executive Governor of Enugu State, we say thank you so much and God bless Enugu State as the state remains in the hands of God”. Receiving the returnees, Gov. Ugwuanyi welcomed them back home, thanked God for journey mercies, and congratulated them for a successful training. Represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Simon Uchenna Ortuanya, the governor commended them for their comportment, dedication and discipline while undergoing the training. Gov. Ugwuanyi reiterated his administration’s commitment to identifying with the youth as leaders of tomorrow, stressing that the state government will continue to train and partner the youth. “I want to thank the Almighty God and thank each and every one of you. We have received reports of your good behaviour while you were on this training. We have received reports that you demonstrated that you are true ambassadors of Enugu State. And we want to congratulate you for the way you comported yourselves. The way you carried the banner of Enugu State. The way you showcased our people as peace loving, very matured and disciplined”. The Governor urged the beneficiaries to utilize what they learnt and build on the foundation laid for them in the agricultural value chain by the state government. He also asked them to continue to support the policy thrust of his administration such as youth empowerment, rural development, infrastructural revolution, sound education, quality and affordable healthcare delivery, among others. Presenting the graduands to Gov. Ugwuanyi on arrival, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Agriculture, Engr. Michael Ogbuekwe explained that the beneficiaries are indigenes of Enugu State who have successfully completed their agricultural training at CSS Global Farms in Keffi. He disclosed that they have acquired skills in modern agricultural techniques in furtherance of the frantic efforts of Gov. Ugwuanyi’s administration in encouraging and empowering young farmers in the state to gain experience in agriculture in line with international best practices. “Your Excellency, this food revolution project you have started in Enugu State will surely outlive your administration. It will become a testament and a legacy in the years to come. While thanking you, we are also thanking God for life and journey mercies. “You are a leader that has the people at heart, a leader that teaches people how to fish and not just give them fish”, he said. The Deputy Chief of Staff to the Governor, Prof. Malachy Okwueze and the Special Adviser to the Governor on Special Duties, Mr. Uwakwe Azikiwe, witnessed the event.