One of the frontline governorship aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Akwa Ibom State, Prof. Christopher Ekong, who lost out during the just-concluded primary election in the state, has finally accepted defeat. He urged other aspirants who could not make it during the nomination to do same and support the candidate to see how the party can wrestle out power from the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, at the 2023 polls. It could be recalled that a lot of dissension has greeted the announcement of Mr Akanimo Udofia as the governorship candidate of the APC in Akwa Ibom. A former aide to President Mohammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang, had earlier rejected the outcome of the exercise. Senator John Akpanudoedehe, former Secretary of the APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, who was also an aspirant, kicked against the primaries and even went ahead to institute a case in court against the exercise, though it was learnt that he has withdrawn it. But, speaking on Wednesday in Uyo during a press briefing, Ekong, a former State Commissioner for Youth and Sport, said he has accepted the results of the primaries as declared by the party and called on others to follow suit. He stated that the acceptance of the winner would foster reconciliation and healing which would galvanise the party’s support for Udofia to win the governorship elections in 2023. According to him, “Obong Akan Udofia had been declared winner of the APC governorship primaries in Akwa Ibom State. I had since accepted the result as declared by the Party. “I want to use this opportunity to call on all other aspirants in the race to sheathe their swords and open the doors for reconciliation and healing to support and work with the flag bearer, Obong Akan Udofia to win the governorship elections come 2023. “The clearest opportunity open to APC to win the elections in Akwa Ibom State is now. So every obstacle on our road and quest to realize this must be avoided. “We must accept the choice of the people and that of the party as a sacrosanct mandate that should be allowed to rule the day. This is the greatest price and respect we can pay to building our democracy.”