The Tinubu Media Team (TMT) has said the ruling All Progressives Congress has no reason to zone its presidency to the north in 2023 after eight years of President Muhammadu Buhari in office. The group claimed the constitution makes it impossible for the North to win an election without the support from the South and vice versa The group’s Coordinator, Mohammed Doka, said this on Wednesday during a press conference in Abuja while reacting to a media report that the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) is working towards zoning its presidential ticket to the North-east, with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan likely to emerge as its presidential candidate in the 2023 elections. On fears that the ruling party may produce a Muslim-Muslim ticket, the group said in Nigeria, you cannot divorce religion and politics. It, however, maintained that it was more concerned about the capacity of individual candidates. The group said ”You know, as a political party, it is not one man’s decision, it has to be a collective decision. I believe at the end of the day, with the leadership of Senator Adamu Abdullahi at the helm of affairs, who is a seasoned politician, who has a track record of assimilating different views and somebody who knows the job, we believe that at the end of the day, there will be no cause for alarm. The group kicked against any consensus arrangement in choosing the standard-bearer of the party, saying it favoured indirect primary. It also stressed that the North must get rid of the ‘Born to Rule’ tag by ceding the presidency to the South in 2023 for equity, justice and fairness. “In the spirit of justice, equity and fairness, I’ve always said it to my colleagues. I am not just the national coordinator of the Tinubu Media Team. I’m also the National President of the Arewa Youth Progressive Alliance of Nigeria, and also a member of the Arewa Consultative Forum, the youth wing. For us to get rid of the tag of the born to rule mentality, we must now see ourselves more as nationalists than regionalists. “There is no basis and there is no reason why the APC should zone its presidency to the North. Nigeria comprises six geopolitical zones, and two major blocks will not accept whatever argument anybody is going to bring. I think it’s an afterthought. It is selfish, it is wicked, and it will not go well for Nigeria and Nigerians.”