Foremost Economist and Banker, a presidential aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mohammed Hayatu- Deen has said only sufficient checks and balances will make Nigeria great. The renowned economist stated this, Thursday when he paid a consultative visit to the PDP Caucus in the House of Representatives in Abuja. He noted that Nigeria has all that is required to be the greatest country in the world. Hayatu-Deen explained that what motivated him to join the PDP presidential was to fix the economy which he described as the root of all of Nigeria’s problems and to end insecurity. He said: “With sufficient checks and balances, we can make this country one of the greatest nations on the face of this planet. I would say the economy is at the root of all of our problems. It is mind-boggling and it’s almost unbelievable. He lamented that “Nobody with a conscience will see our sons and daughters and their grandchildren and mothers and sisters and aunts and uncles being slaughtered all over the place and be happy.” Hayatu-Deen who described Nigerians as phenomenal people added that “the intrapreneurial energy that flows through the veins of Nigeria, is unparalleled. I can only compare it to the United States because the human intelligence in this country is unbelievable. But there are barriers that are holding us back. In his short remarks, the House Minority Leader, Ndudi Elumelu stressed the need for the 17 PDP Presidential aspirants to remain united. He said “I want to plead that you will continue in that strive. Nigerians are waiting for us, they’re calling on us to come and rescue or rebuild Nigeria. We can only do that If we also put ourselves in a position that Nigerians hope to see us, to rescue them and bring them back to where our founding fathers had wished that we should be.” Elumelu who berated the All Progressives Congress (APC) led Federal Government for the spate of killings in Nigeria, said, “when APC was coming, they promised Nigerians that we’ll be able to sleep in our various homes, with our properties and live secured but today, it is a mirage.