The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential aspirant and a former Governor of Anambra State Peter Obi, has called on delegates of the party and indeed Nigerians, not to sacrifice the future of their children for immediate gains. He equally said that the 2023 general election is about the security of the country and the future of her children. Obi disclosed this in Jos the Plateau State Capital, when he addressed Plateau delegates ahead of the party primaries. The former Anambra State Governor said that Nigeria must get it right in 2023 if she wants to regain her position among comity of nations. According to him, “You won’t be delegates forever, your children will suffer if you do not choose the right leader. “If they bring money, collect it but when you go to vote, first place the picture of your children at heart, not my picture neither your picture because that is the future of your children. “They will have a better and secured future if the right person is elected the next President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria,” he said. According to him, it is sad that Nigeria’s debt profile has risen to N49 trillion without anything to show for it. He stated that Nigeria cannot continue to borrow when other African countries are exporting their products to the world. “Every country borrows, but when you borrow for consumption, it is wrong. It is sad that Nigerians borrow to share. “They only think of sharing formulas, let’s think of production formulas”‘, he admonished. He gave examples of Kenya, Ethiopia and Morocco that were exporting different agricultural products in large quantities. Obi said, “To owe gratuity and pension is criminal. I didn’t owe gratuity or pension and I paid salaries three months ahead when I was leaving office. “We should move from a nation of consumption to a nation of production. This is necessary because you can’t have revenue when everyone is living in poverty. You need to improve the people’s standard of living for the revenue to grow. “Again, if you solve the problem of hunger, you have solved the problem of criminality and to a large extent, insecurity,” he stressed. He further lamented that, 60 percent of the over 200 million Nigerians were youths who would be very productive if encouraged. Obi also decried that small businesses that galvanise world economies were folding up in Nigeria because of insecurity.