The Benue State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has again dared the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state ahead of the 2023 general elections. The PDP, while reacting to a statement by the APC wherein it described the renditions by PDP and aides of Governor Samuel Ortom regarding the N38 billion loan approval recently granted by the Benue State House of Assembly to the administration of the Governor as “hogwash”, declared that the outcome of the 2023 elections in the state will determine who speaks “hogwash” between the two parties. The party in a statement issued by its State Publicity Secretary, Bemgba Iortyom, on Saturday, 14th May, 2022, explained that “after the N69 billion request was made by the Ortom administration to the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in 2015, as the amount required to clear the backlog of salaries and pensions arrears it inherited, the administration got privileged information that only N28 billion was slated to be approved for the state. “As such it duly sought approval from the Benue State House of Assembly for the amount of N28 billion in line with due process which was subsequently approved and appropriated as Bailout. “It is by same privileged information the administration now sought and obtained the approval for the N38 billion from the N41 outstanding component of the N69 billion initially sought in 2015.” It said “only a political party befuddled by intentions of negative politics and a media unit run by recruited mercenaries totting mischief as their sole weaponry could label it as “hogwash”. The PDP also frowned at APC’s labeling of PDP consensus governorship candidate in the Tiv speaking area, Rt. Hon. Titus Uba, as a “genuflecting Daddy’s boy”, describing it as cowardice. “The On Benue APC’s diatribes against PDP consensus candidate in the Tiv speaking area, Rt. Hon. Titus Uba, as a “genuflecting Daddy’s boy” who is approving loans for his party’s use in the 2023 elections, our great party sympathises with this very early showing of cowardice and capitulation to defeat by the position party. “It is plain knowledge that Titus Uba alone does not approve loans, but Benue people through their elected representatives in the state’s legislature do so, for the good governance of the state, through processes safeguarded and regulated by the rule of law and not ‘rule of Uba’. “PDP understands the morbid fear a lame and “federal might-reliant” Benue APC has for open and free elections, given its wretched track-record and disruptive Kilometer 4, Gboko Road-based internal processes, yet its resort once again to twisting of facts will in 2023 only land it in worse defeat than it suffered in 2019,” the statement added.