As the Ogun 2023 governorship election approaches, Hon. Adekunle Akinlade, has obtained the nomination and expression of interest forms under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Akinlade, a 2019 governorship candidate, said he purchased the forms on Friday to contest for the ticket of the party with other aspirants. In a statement on Sunday, Akinlade maintained that it was a mandate that “we all must undertake with clear conviction and determination to succeed.” According to him, he had thrown his hat into the ring to sustain and complement the infrastructural strides of past administrations. The former lawmaker said he had phoned other aspirants in the state, congratulating them for joining the guber race. He asserted that the desire to serve should be selfless, devoid of acrimony and divisions, saying “this the time to reset our focus and reposition the future of our dear State.” His words: “My dear good people of Ogun State and party faithful, as a young Eagle (politically), I rode on the great wings of our leader above the Olumo Rock and beyond, he showed and taught me many lessons. Just like every eagle that MUST take its first leap of fate, I joined other Guber aspirants from Ogun State and procured the 2023 Gubernatorial Expression of Interest and Nomination forms on the platform of our great Party, the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Friday the 6th of May, 2022. “Someone once told me that “if your dreams does not scare you, then it’s not worth exploring”. Yes it is daunting and almost scary without the usual safety net, but this is one mandate that we all must undertake with clear conviction and determination to succeed. As l call on you once again, I must say that what kept me going in the last three years was your love, prayers, encouragement and sacrifices. “Dear compatriots, my aspiration to run for the highest office of our dear state once again, hinges on sustaining and complementing the giant infrastructural strides of past administrations, one of which I was privileged to have served in, between 2011-2015. “This morning, Sunday the 8th of May, 2022. I placed calls through to my co-aspirants and congratulated them for throwing their hats in the ring for the Ogun 2023 Guber contest. I assured them of my cooperation in the process and received same courtesy. “True vision and desire to serve should be selfless, devoid of acrimony and divisions. We are people destined for greatness, thus, this is the time to reset our focus and reposition the future of our dear State as envisioned by our forebears.” DAILY POST recalls that Akinlade contested under the platform of the Allied People’s Movement in 2019, coming second after the incumbent Governor Dapo Abiodun.