Ace journalist, Alex Crook, has questioned Thomas Tuchel’s credentials amid Chelsea’s ‘really poor season’, warning the German of possible sack. Chelsea have witnessed a disappointing couple of months and were beaten by Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final in February. The Blues also ended their Champions League title defence to Real Madrid in April. The Blues are miles off Premier League title contention as Sunday’s defeat to Everton saw them fall 17 points behind leaders Manchester City. A huge talking point from the defeat at Goodison Park was the German manager’s refusal to play Romelu Lukaku, a player the club acquired for £100million from Inter Milan. “If you look at Chelsea under Roman Abramovich, bearing in mind that this is the first time under Abramovich that they’ve gone five years without winning the title, it doesn’t take much for even a winning manager to find himself out of the job. “You look at the gap, they’re 17 points behind Manchester City, they’re out of the Champions League against a Real Madrid side who I think are beatable and Man City will prove that. “If Abramovich was still calling the shots, I think that Tuchel’s position would be under threat because that’s just the way that Chelsea have done their business. “I think it’s been a really poor season,” Crook added. “Whoever comes in, it looks like they’ll have to invest heavily in the transfer market and Thomas Tuchel has to start coming up with some answers.” The German, notwithstanding his exploit of winning the Champions League in his first season at Stamford Bridge, would have been shown the exit door had it not been for the club’s current problems which are majorly as a result of the sanction against Blues’ owner, Roman Abramovich over Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Chelsea’s upcoming fixtures in the Premier League include a home game against Wolverhampton Wanderers on May 7th, away to Leeds United 3 days later and FA Cup final against Liverpool at Wembley stadium. The Blues will then welcome Leicester City for a Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge before their last game of the season Chelsea against Watford.