Bauchi State Governor, Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, on Tuesday assured of the commitment of his administration to ensuring free, fair and hitch-free general elections in the state in 2023. This is just as the governor assured opposition parties in the state of a peaceful atmosphere for them to conduct their political activities without any hindrance. He, however, warned politicians to adhere to the country’s laws and regulations and avoid any breach of peace in the state. The Governor gave the warning when he received the Emir of Bauchi, Dr Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu, during the traditional Hawan Daushe, which is usually held a day after Eid-El Fitr. While declaring that the state government under his leadership will ensure a level playing ground for the opposition under the constitution and the Electoral Act, the governor said there would be no politics of bitterness and rancour in the state. He commended traditional institutions in the state for their support and cooperation with his administration since coming on board in 2019. Earlier in his remarks, the Emir of Bauchi, Dr Adamu commended Governor Mohammed for the respect he is according the traditional institutions, submitting that this was not a surprise to them considering that the governor is a prince himself. The first class Emir said traditional rulers in the state were aware of the governor’s efforts not only to promote the traditional institutions but also to ensure peace and peaceful coexistence of Nigerians resident in Bauchi State. He assured that the governor would continue to receive the support of traditional rulers in the state. “You are doing everything possible to promote the traditional institutions to a position of pride in the country. We will continue to support you in that direction. “We recognise your efforts at ensuring peace and peaceful co-existence among Nigerians resident in the state. We are also aware of all you are doing to ensure the security of lives and property. We will continue to support your efforts,” the Emir said.