The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) and the National Association of Ogun State Students (NAOSS), have called on the police and other security agencies to arrest and prosecute any politician or individual engaging in any act capable of breaching the peace of the State. The students said this on Tuesday as they cautioned politicians against taking actions or making utterances that could heat up the polity and stoke violence in Ogun. According to a statement jointly signed by the Ogun State Chairman of NANS, Damilola Simeon Kehinde and the National President of NAOSS, Oluwagbemileke Ogunrombi, the students appealed to political leaders and their followers to play politics with decorum and not to see the 2023 general elections as a ‘do-or-die’ affair. They posited that, “the era of political violence is long gone in the State. “We don’t want anybody under the guise of political campaign to create crisis in the State.” They noted that, “Politicians and their followers must be mindful of their act and the utterances they make, especially in the media and public places so as not to set the State on fire. “We know that some politicians are hell-bent on disrupting the peace the good people of Ogun State have been enjoying by heating up the polity. “It is totally unnecessary for political parties to engage themselves in campaign of violence. We urge aspirants, political leaders, followers and the general public to be civil and peaceful in their activities. “Campaigns should be issue-based and there should not attack on persons or institutions. We should imbibe the spirit of Omoluabi that the founding fathers of the State displayed during their era. “We also want to place all the security agencies on alert on to the activities of politicians in the State. There should be no sacred cow; anybody found culpable of inciting members of the public should be arrested and made to face the law. “We want to warn students not to allow themselves to be used by politicians to cause trouble and disrupt the peace of the State.”