Katsina State Governor, Aminu Bello Masari has called on politicians in Nigeria to avoid any kind of politics that will injure or endanger the survival of the country. According to him, such a style of politics will not sustain the country’s development and political processes. Masari made the call when Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State paid him a courtesy call at the State’s Government House to formally inform the Katsina Governor of his intention to contest for the office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Wike was in Katsina State on Tuesday to consult with the delegates of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, ahead of the party’s national convention later this month. Masari said: “My appeal to politicians is to play this politics in such a way that the nation and its political processes will survive. “Without the political process surviving, nobody will survive. It is important we play according to rules we set for ourselves, and we should not do anything that will injure or endanger the process.” On Wike’s candidacy, the Katsina Governor said he is excited to see people like him too aspiring to lead the country, noting that it is a good omen, portraying unity for the country, wishing him luck in his aspiration to become a candidate. “It is gratifying to God to see people like you from Rivers State too aspiring to be president. That shows that the country is becoming one united country,” Masari said. Masari, who described Wike as a brother and a friend, said despite their political differences, his doors will always be opened to him and the people of Rivers State for the overwhelming support they gave him while he was Speaker of the House of Representatives. Masari said: “Rivers State was one of the State’s I could count on for 100% support during my days as Speaker in the House of Representatives and we remain friendly up to this moment. So, anybody coming from Rivers State to wherever I am is welcome into my personal house or official residence. “I think you’re most welcome here. You are a friend, a brother, and somebody that we can eat together with, but we will not dine together because you are dining somewhere and I am also dining somewhere, but we can eat together.” Governor Wike, speaking earlier, said he was in the State to consult with delegates ahead of the PDP national convention slated for 28 – 29 of May 2022 and decided to seize the opportunity to formally make his presidential ambition known to the Katsina Governor.