Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Some political thugs and supporters of the Borno South Senatorial District Senator, Muhammadu Ali Ndume clashed yesterday in Biu Local Government Area of Borno State, leading to the death of at least one person. 2. The Supreme Court has fixed May 26, 2022, for hearing in a suit instituted by President Muahammadu Buhari against the National Assembly to challenge the legality or otherwise of section 84 (12) of the Electoral Act 2022. The apex court fixed the date after joining the Speaker of the Rivers State House of Assembly and the State Attorney General as second and third defendants in the suit. 3. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has secured a court order to detain the embattled Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris, for more days. An official of the anti-graft agency, who did not want to be quoted, disclosed that the legal department of the commission secured the order within 24 hours after Idris was arrested in Kano. 4. The sudden death of the former Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bauchi Local Government Area chapter, Alhaji Hussaini Musa Gwabba, has left a lot of speculation, especially his family and political associates, who are wondering about the cause of his death. Gwabba died in mysterious circumstances on May 14 at the age of 62. 5. Following its inability to get the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to adjust the 2023 general election timetable, the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, has reviewed its own primary election timetable. The decision was taken at Wednesday’s meeting of the Abdullahi Adamu-led National Working Committee NWC of the party. 6. Governor of Anambra State, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, yesterday, presented a revised budget of N170 billion to the State House of Assembly for approval. He informed the State lawmakers that he inherited a red treasury and pervasive insecurity, which appeared to be slowing down the momentum of his administration. 7. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, yesterday, asked the General Superintendent of Deeper Christian Life Ministry, Pastor William Kumuyi, to take note of the ugly security in the South-East zone and cancel the crusade he has scheduled to hold in Aba, Abia State. Pastor Kumuyi is slated to hold a gospel crusade in Aba, from 24th to 29th May, 2022. 8. An Upper Area Court in Ilorin, on Thursday, permitted a landlord, Mr Bakinde AbdulWaheed, to break open and change the locks on his tenant’s apartment door over his disappearance for three years. The presiding Judge, Mr Moshood Ajibade, gave the order after AbdulWaheed reported that his tenant disappeared for three years without any word from him. 9. Pandemonium broke out on Thursday at Alaba–Rago, on the Mile –Two Badagry expressway, Lagos, after commercial motorcyclists popularly called okada, took over the ever-busy road to protest the eviction letter served to occupiers of the market to quit in two weeks. 10. The Naira, on Thursday, exchanged at 420.33 to the dollar at the Investors and Exporters window, compared to 419.25 traded on Wednesday, representing 0.26 percent depreciation. The open indicative rate closed at N417.70 to the dollar on Thursday.