No fewer than nine aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have indicated interest to represent Oyo South Senatorial district in the next national assembly, DAILY POST gathered. Sources within Oyo APC told DAILY POST that all the aspirants jostling for the position have purchased the expression of interest and nomination forms ahead of the 2023 general elections. It was also gathered that all the aspirants have been screened by the party at its national secretariat in Abuja. Sources within the party explained that eight of the aspirants are from Ibadan, the state capital while only one is from Ibarapa geo-political zone. Oyo south is made up of nine local government areas, six in Ibadan and three in Ibarapa geopolitical zone. The local government areas are; Ibadan North, Ibadan North East, Ibadan South East, Ibadan South West, Ibadan North West, Ido, Ibarapa East, Ibarapa North and Ibarapa Central. DAILY POST learnt that the senatorial district since 1999 has not produced a two-term senator and has not produced a female representative. Those who have represented the district since the beginning of the fourth republic are from Ibadan while only one is from Ibarapa. They include Senator Peter Adeyemo who is from Ibarapa (1999-2003) immediate past governor of the state, the late Abiola Ajimobi (Ibadan) who represented the district between 2003 and 2007, Senator Kamorudeen Adedibu also from Ibadan who served between 2007 and 2011, Senator Olufemi Lanlehin (Ibadan) (2011-2015), Senator Soji Akanbi (Ibadan) (2015-2019) and the current occupant, Senator Kola Balogun who is also from Ibadan. Now, nine aspirants have indicated interest to represent the district in 2023. They include eight aspirants from Ibadan and one from Ibarapa. DAILY POST authoritatively gathered that those who have joined the contest on the platform of APC included Barrister Sharafadeen Abiodun Alli, Chief Adegboyega Taofeek Adegoke, Mr. Kolapo Kola-Daisi, Senator Soji Akanbi, Mr. Abimbola Adekambi, Dr Olusola Ayandele, Alhaji Waheed Olajide, Ayodeji Ismail Karim and Kola Balogun. The primary election of the party has been slated to hold on Friday, 27th May 2022.