A popular Nigerian cleric, Pastor Adewale Giwa, has disclosed that the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, will win the 2023 general election. Pastor Giwa who is the Senior Pastor of the Awaiting the Second Coming of Jesus Christ Ministry, Akure, Ondo State, emphasised that Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu is the only one among the aspirants of the All Progressives Congress, APC, that can give Atiku a bit of hiccup in his aspiration to lead the country. While stressing that Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will be a walkover for Atiku, the pastor said the PDP standard-bearer has a whole lot of work to do to convince Christians that he is not a fanatic. The Pastor who stated this during an interview on Tuesday maintained that northern leaders are rooting for Atiku due to his large followership in the north, as he added that Nigeria was created for northerners. While calling on Nigerians to be determined ahead of the 2023 polls on who becomes the President, Pastor Giwa maintained that none of those vying for the country’s plum job will make it if there is no restructuring. He added that with the present structure of the country, no one can make any significant change in the country, stressing that the only way out is for the regions to part ways. “Atiku will win but he can’t change anything. Even if APC should come out with Tinubu, Atiku will win. Tinubu is the only person that can give him few challenges as such. Even Osinbajo will be a walkover for Atiku. “Atiku has a lot of work to do to convince Christians that he is not a religious fanatic. He needs to convince Nigerians, especially Christians that he won’t encourage those who misinterpret Quran with a view to causing crisis. “Nobody can turn Nigeria around with the current 1999 military constitution. “The reason PDP went for Atiku was that he polled lots of votes from the north. I have said that Nigeria was created for northerners. The only solution is for us to part ways. “Northerners want to retain power and continue to control the entire regions.”