An Ibadan-based broadcaster, Alhaji Oriyomi Hamzat, who was arrested by the Force Intelligence Bureau (FIB) of Nigeria Police Force, has been released. DAILY POST recalls that Hamzat was arrested in the early hours of Thursday in Ibadan, Oyo State capital and was then taken to Abuja for interrogation. The station, in a statement issued by Yousuph Grey Adebayo, Head of Station, Agidigbo 88.7 FM, Ibadan, insisted that Hamzat arrested only because he has been calling for justice in the murder of Mr. Timothy Adegoke. Our correspondent recalls that Adegoke died in a hotel in Ile-Ife last year. The owner of the hotel, Mr. Rahmon Adedoyin and his staff have been arrested in connection with the death of Adegoke, a native of Eruwa in Oyo state. Hamzat has now been freed by the police. Adebayo confirmed the release of the broadcaster in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday. Adebayo explained that Hamzat was released on bail to his lawyers. He added that Hamzat was not found guilty of cyberbullying, neither did he refuse at any point to honour invitations from the Nigerian Police Force as wrongly alleged by the Force PRO. He insisted that Hamzat was now a free man as of the time of filing this report Friday morning. Adebayo said, “It is with a heart filled with immense gratitude and huge relief that we confirm to the general public that Mr. Oriyomi Hamzat has finally regained his freedom after the arrest that spanned the entirety of yesterday. “He was released on bail to his lawyers after due conversations with the authorities, particularly with respect to the petition written against him by Rahman Adedoyin’s lawyers and the validity of his consequent arrest. “As we have rightly stated yesterday, at no point was Mr. Oriyomi Hamzat found guilty of cyberbullying, neither did he refuse at any point to not honour invitations from the Nigeria Police Force as wrongly alleged by the Force PRO. Why this false insinuation is being purveyed is completely beyond our grasp. “We also say a huge thank you to the general public who joined in the peaceful protests that held in Ibadan yesterday, to Nigerians in Diaspora for their prompt reactions, the Nigeria Union of Journalists and to all of our colleagues from the media who considered Mr. Oriyomi Hamzat’s arrest as an injury to one that equates to an injury to all. We also appreciate the efforts of the legal team led by Barrister Adekunle Ridwan”.