A coalition of aggrieved governorship aspirants on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has called for the cancellation of both the ad hoc congresses and the primary elections of the party held in the state over alleged irregularities and illegalities. The coalition, which is made up of Ide Owodiong Idemeko, Mr James Iniama, David Okpon and Hon Idoreyin Umoh in a press statement tagged “IMPUNITY UPON IMPUNITY”sent to journalists in Uyo on Sunday, said they came to the resolution after duly consulting with their supporters. They, therefore, urged the National Working Committee and National Executive Committee of PDP to cancel the gubernatorial primaries in Akwa Ibom State pending the hearing and determination of the reliefs contained in Suit No. FHC/ABJ/CS/606/22. They said that the primaries conducted for the House of Assembly, House of Representatives and Senate positions using the three ad hoc delegates per ward in the state be immediately invalidated on grounds of its illegality. Describing the nomination as “special state congress” the aspirants regretted that some chieftains instead of allowing a level playing field resorted to mundane considerations. According to them, one of the irregularities in the field was that ad hoc delegates did not go through any proper identification and accreditation process before allowed entrance into the venue for governorship primaries. They also noted that the list of ad hoc delegates were not published for all aspirants to be properly informed of who to consult and engage, adding that only the government-sponsored aspirant had prior knowledge of who the ad hoc delegates were and only he was able to meet with them before the primaries. They said only the government-sponsored aspirant, Pastor Umo Bassey Eno, and his wife were listed as ad hoc delegates and had the opportunity to vote for themselves, noting that other aspirants were denied that privilege. They explained that they ran an organized and issue-based campaign, noting, “we did not only dissect the problems in our individual manifestoes and blueprints but proffered solutions; we knew the ‘what’ and ‘why’ of our problems and went further to provide the ‘how’ of handling these problems”.