Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari and the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and presidential aspirant, Bola Ahmed Tinubu met behind closed-door at the Presidential Villa in Abuja, yesterday. 2. The striking workers in Nigerian universities, on Tuesday, decried the “No pay, No work” policy, saying the warning strike they embarked upon is now indefinite. The workers, under the auspices of the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), said laboratories, workshops, farms and others would remain shut till the government pays their salaries. 3. The Nigerian Army has accused the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of unleashing terror on Ndigbo, whom they claim to be protecting. The army authorities said this while confirming the murder of a couple who were beheaded by gunmen on Saturday. 4. The Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammadu Sa’ad Abubakar, has described bandits as total terrorists who must be eliminated. The monarch, who stated this when the Chief of Army Staff, General Faruk Yahya, paid him Sallah homage on Tuesday, said the trend must end now. 5. The Ohanaeze Youth Council, OYC, has denied endorsing Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, for the presidency. OYC National President, Igboayaka O. Igboayaka, warned Tinubu to be careful of maligning the aspiration of the Southeast to produce Nigeria’s president. 6. United Nations (UN) Secretary-General, Antonio Guterres landed in Nigeria on Tuesday. Guterres visited the Borno capital, Maiduguri, where he met Boko Haram victims and Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). 7. The Chairman of the Southern Governors’ Forum, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has insisted that the Southern part of the country must produce the next president of the country. Akeredolu, in a statement yesterday, warned the national leadership of the APC against giving the presidential ticket to a northern aspirant so as not to put the party in a crisis. 8. The Lagos State Police Command has commenced investigation to unravel the circumstances surrounding the death of two lovers, whose corpses were found inside a Sport Utility Vehicle in the Isolo area of the State. 9. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has expressed optimism that whatever the situation and condition is, all will be well with Nigeria. Obasanjo, who said this at a Global Crusade organised by the Deeper Life Bible Church, in Abeokuta, urged Nigerians to have faith in God. 10. Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) fighters, yesterday night, attacked a village near Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State. A vigilante source revealed that the terrorists invaded Kautukari village, some 15 kilometres away from Chibok town, shooting sporadically and setting houses on fire.