A Federal High Court sitting in Ilorin, on Monday, convicted three persons over alleged cybercrime offences. The convicts are Omoniyi Samuel Pelumi from Ekiti South-West Local Government Area of Ekiti State, Faloye Victor Oluwadamilola from Akure South Local Government Area of Ondo State and Olanipekun Tunde Lukman from Oke-Iyin Area of Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State Capital. The defendants were prosecuted by the Ilorin Zonal command of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on separate charges and were convicted by Justice Muhammed Sani of the Federal High Court, Ilorin after they had pleaded guilty to their respective charges. Following the guilty plea by the defendants, Innocent Mbachie and Andrew Akoja, who prosecuted the cases on behalf of the commission, urged the court to consider the extra-judicial statements of the defendants and all the exhibits tendered to uphold the cases of the prosecution and convict the defendants as charged. Delivering judgement, Justice Sani said the available facts and proof of evidence brought before the court showed that the prosecution had proved its cases beyond reasonable doubt. The Judge sentenced Omoniyi to one year imprisonment with a N200,000 option of fine. The judge, also ordered that one iPhone 11 pro max, the sum of $110 US dollars which are proceeds of his unlawful activities be forfeited to the Federal Government. The court further ordered the convict to restitute the sum of £250 pounds to the Federal Government. Justice Sani also sentenced Faloye to one year imprisonment with option of N200,000 fine. He ordered that one Samsung Galaxy S10, iPhone 13, MacBook Laptop which was used to perpetrate the crime be forfeited to the Federal Government. The court also ordered the convict to restitute the sum of $1,108 United States Dollars which he benefited from the proceeds of crimes. Similarly, Olanipekun bagged one year imprisonment with an option of N200,000 fine. The court ordered that one iPhone 12 pro max, hp laptop which were used to perpetrate the crime and the sum $200 which the convict benefited from the proceeds of the unlawful activities be forfeited to the Federal Government.