Some delegates to Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) primary in Oyo State have disclosed that they have been chased out of the venue of one of the primary elections in the state. DAILY POST recalls that the party had fixed today (Sunday) as the date for the House of Assembly and House of Representatives primary elections ahead of the 2023 elections. It was however gathered that some delegates for Ibadan South East House of Assembly Constituency II have been chased out of the venue of the primary election. They claimed they were chased out of Saint John Primary School, Alake, Academy, Ibadan, venue of the primary election. Some of those who spoke alleged that some chieftains of the party are moving around the venue of the primary with military men supposed to provide security for delegates. They noted that the chieftains of the party were doing what they were doing in order to intimidate their perceived opposition within the party. One of the delegates who has been prevented from voting during the primary, Alhaji Tiamiyu Abidikugu, alleged that he has been chased out by security officers on the orders of Deputy National Chairman of PDP, Ambassador Taofeek Arapaja, and Chairman of Pacesetter Transportation Service Company, Dare Adeleke. Abidikugu added that some of them already at the venue were chased out while others who were coming were not allowed to gain entrance to the venue. He used the opportunity to call on the state governor, Seyi Makinde to intervene. He said, “Despite the fact that I am a bonafide delegate and a leader in Ibadan South East Local Government, I was also chased out of the venue like other delegates, prevented me from exercising my democratic process in our party. “Our national officer and another government appointee, Arapaja and Adeleke respectively are the brain behind all the scenario. Those of us that were already inside were chased out while denying others entrance to the venue. “I am using this opportunity to implore Governor Seyi Makinde to intervene by calling Arapaja and Adeleke to order to stop further polarising the party”. Another delegate, Sakirat Sheu alleged that she was already on queue inside the school when Arapaja and Adeleke came in with soldiers to send her and others out of the school. “We are already on the queue when deputy national chairman, Ambassador Taofeek Arapaja and Dare Adeleke came, and force some of us out. The soldiers were shooting into the sky to scare us, we have no option than to go out, preventing us from performing our civic responsibility to the party. “I am an authentic delegate, my name is on the delegate list for Ibadan South East State House of Assembly Constituency II but because I am not in support of their aspirant, that is why they chased us out”.