One person was on Friday night killed in a clash between youths from Anguwan Taya and Yalwan Tsakani which extended to other parts of Yelwa area of Bauchi metropolis with four others sustaining varying degrees of injuries. Though the cause of the clash among the youth in the area was unknown, it was gathered that the clash was as a result of supremacy among the youths. Confirming the incident, the Bauchi State Police Command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, informed in a press statement he signed and made available to DAILY POST on Saturday that the police were informed of the clash at about 10pm on Friday. He said a preliminary investigation by the police revealed that the clash was a result of rivalry among the youth. “On 27/05/2022 at about 10:pm, there was a distress call of skirmishes at Yelwan Tsakani, Lushi and Uguwan Kusu. “Preliminary investigation revealed that the disturbances emanated following a rivalry amongst the youths of Anguwan Taya, and Yalwan Tsakani which extended to other parts of Yelwa. “As a result, five houses were set ablaze, four persons sustained various degrees of injuries and one was certified dead by a medical doctor,” Wakil, a Superintendent of Police (SP), stated. The police spokesman informed that the police were on top of the situation as operatives had been deployed to the affected area with a view to maintaining peace and preventing further breakdown of law and order. “Meanwhile, police operatives comprising Tactical teams, Mobile Police Force, Rapid Response Squad(RRS) and Quick intervention Unit(QIU) swiftly responded to the distress and brought the situation under control. “Visibility patrols are still ongoing to maintain peace and prevent further breakdown of law and order in the affected area as well as the Bauchi metropolis,” the PPRO stated. He added that the state Commissioner of Police, Umar Mamman Sanda, has ordered an investigation into the root cause of the incident and called for calm by the people of the metropolis. According to the PPRO, “the Commissioner of Police CP Umar Mamman Sanda has ordered a discreet investigation to ascertain circumstances surrounding the incident and bring perpetrators of the dastardly acts to justice. “The CP further appeals to the general public for calm and to go about their lawful business as normalcy had since been restored in the affected area, please.”