Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom State has said he wants to partner with God to become the President of Nigeria in the 2023 elections so as to rescue the country and not to be the vice president as erroneously assumed by a few persons. Emmanuel is one of the presidential aspirants under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party and has been touring the country for consultations. In a prayer conference held at Banquet Hall, Government House, Uyo, on Sunday, the presidential hopeful stressed that Nigeria needs a visionary leader who is prepared to lead the country without self-aggrandizement, adding that he believes Nigeria can come out of its present condition with the right leader who will address its problems in the economy, education and other sectors begging for attention. According to him, “I am not entering the race to be Vice President, I am entering the race so I can partner with God to be the President of Nigeria. “I think Nigeria has reached a point where God has to intervene, if God does not intervene in 2023 we should forget it. ’’God is looking for a leader this time to partner with in order to rescue and restore this country and if we all fold our arms thinking that I don’t want to be blackmailed, misconstrued or misunderstood, we will continue to be where we are. There must be someone who will tell God here am I send me. “There must arise someone who is going not for self-aggrandizement not for what he can gain, but for what God can use him to do. I am stepping out to say to God if you need a man to partner because we’ve not recognized that God needs somebody to partner to rescue Nigeria, Lord, here am I send me I am available’’. He further remarked that leaders should be confident in themselves. Making reference to total dependence on foreign countries for skills, raw materials and manpower development, he said such a trend could be reversed if the right leaders are voted into power. In his homily, the General Overseer, Evangelical Outreach Ministries International, Prophet Isa El-Buba, speaking on the theme ‘Only God’, called on Christians to believe in the leadership that God has set over them, adding that it is through a godly covenant that the right leader can emerge.