A governorship aspirant under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ebonyi State, Mr. Chris Usulor has tasked stakeholders and PDP executives not to engage in any form of imposition of candidates in the upcoming primaries. Usulor who made this known in a statement signed and issued to newsmen in Abakaliki said only free, credible primaries will help PDP take over Ebonyi State in 2023. He called on delegates to vote wisely during the primaries to ensure that Democracy is entrenched in the party, adding, “It is safe to say that Ebonyi is PDP and PDP is Ebonyi State. PDP has been good to Ebonyi State and should remain PDP. “PDP has the strength, commitment and dedication to take over governance, but only a free, fair and credible election can save the PDP in Ebonyi State. Usulor who is a member of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly EBSHA, stressed that there should be no compromise of the party’s interests during the Primaries. “The ultimate decision lies with the PDP national executive council who will live with the consequences of their choices, thereafter if they make a wrong choice of its governorship candidate. “The only way PDP can be proud of itself as a party and win the governorship election with ease is to conduct a fair, transparent, credible and acceptable primary, that is also devoid of intimidation, imposition, violence and bloodshed. “It is only a popular and generally acceptable candidate that would deliver victory for the PDP in Ebonyi State. I hereby call on stakeholders and the PDP executives, not to engage in any form of imposition or compromise of the process in the interest of the party. “I appeal to party men and women to be civil and peaceful. It will be in the interest of us to be peaceful and for those coming from national executives of the party to conduct the primaries that we can all be proud of. This is an election within our fold to select our flag bearer, introducing intimidation, imposition, violence and rancour into it will not be in our ultimate interest. “It’s left for us the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to unite our members to ensure that we form a government that will win the election and respects the will of the people of Ebonyi State. We need to know that only a free, fair and credible election, can save the PDP in Ebonyi State.