As the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Convention gets underway, a US-trained Medical Doctor, Dr Nwachukwu Anakwenze has withdrawn from the Presidential race for the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike. Though the former Senate President, David Mark-led presidential screening committee had screened Anakwenze out of the race. Anakwenze, who said he stepped down for Governor Wike, cautioned that if they change the rule in the middle of the game, no decent competitor would stand a chance to compete fairly. In a statement on Saturday, he explained that his decision to withdraw from the race is the inability of the party to stand by their zoning principle as enshrined in the PDP Constitution. The statement partly read “My interest was to bring quality leadership to the country, foster unity and restore the hope of young people and the women as have shown in my campaign manifesto. “My decision to run for the office of the President with the great support of Nigerians in the diaspora was to bring in quality leadership that has eluded us as a nation for decades now, but this has been dashed. “Many things have happened in the last few weeks that showed certain persons don’t stand a chance to compete favourably; so it is on this premise that I, painfully withdraw from the contest today 28th May 2022 in full support of a Southern candidate which is largely the wishes of Igbo Elders, the Diasporas and the voice of the people. “I thank the party for the opportunity to inform Nigerians about how well they can fair with an Igboman as President whose love for the country towers above the lust for power. Let all my supporters across the North and South who have shown me that there are good Nigerians that still believe in merit and would put that above primordial sentiment. “I, Dr Anakwenze said the People of Southeast wants the Presidency zoned to them and fully supported by other regions as the Igbos have always done. I am therefore constrained to withdraw from the race in full support of Nyesom Wike, the Executive Governor of Rivers State”. He directed all his supporters, structures, and the national delegates of the party in the 36 states of Nigeria to support Wike.