Following a gas explosion in the Sabon-Gari area of Kano State on Tuesday, which affected pupils and property belonging to a private school, the National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS) has made a case for additional safety measures within school environments. The National President of NAPPS, Otunba Yomi Otubela in a statement made available to DAILY POST, debunked earlier claims of a bomb explosion within the premises of the affected building, saying it was a gas explosion near the school. The statement tagged: “Re: Developing Story: Security Breach In Private Schools In Kano State”, read: “We can confirm from various sources including government officials, Commissioner of Police, Kano and National Emergency Management Agency that it was a gas explosion involving a building besides the affected private school. “We will like to implore all members to ensure implementation of all safety policies meant for a school environment. “We pray God grants the affected families the fortitude to bear the painful loss and comfort them at the moment of their grief. In the same manner, we pray for a speedy recovery for the injured,” NAPPS added. The body prayed for the repose of the souls of the dead and prayed for the management, staff and students of the affected school to experience the favour of God as they count their losses due to this explosion. Though the number of casualties is yet to be affirmed, a video clip of the incident showed some pupils of the affected school with various degrees of injuries and bloodstain on their uniforms. However, a statement by Malam Muhammad Garba, Commissioner for Information, Kano State also clarified that the early Tuesday morning explosion in the Sabon Gari area did occur in a school. The state Commissioner said the incident happened at an animal feed store opposite the school along Aba Road in the Sabon Gari area of Fagge Local Government. Malam Garba called on the people in the state, particularly those living in the area where the incident occurred, to remain calm while the government in collaboration with relevant agencies are working on the matter. The commissioner assured that government would keep the public abreast on any development and warned people to desist from spreading unsubstantiated news.