Kaduna residents on Monday resumed weekly activities; work, and businesses amidst fear of possible attack by some disgruntled elements. Although some concerned residents stayed back at home to observe the situation, others rushed to their businesses and offices as scheduled.
Cars, buses and commercial vehicles were moving unhindered as they picked passengers at designated bus stops A peaceful protest turned violent in Sokoto on Saturday after two people were arrested for burning Deborah Samuel, a 200-level student of the Shehu Shagari College of Education for blasphemy. Following this, the Kaduna State Government warned residents in the state against any form of religious protest To ensure compliance, Kaduna Police Commissioner, CP Yekini A. Ayoku Sunday, embarked on an observation patrol around the Kaduna metropolis, checking the deployment of officers across the state. However, a resident in Kaduna South who operates a business centre in Kawo, Mr Samuel Yonanah told DAILY POST that he needs to be careful and observe the movement in the state for some days before he opens his business centre. “You know Kaduna people can easily be deceived by some people. It’s not advisable to move anyhow for now. Apart from bandits’ attack, people may rise against innocent one, for just no cause,” he said. According to him, for the government to warn residents against any form of protest in the state, it must have had intelligent reports, adding that everyone needs to be careful of where he goes, what he does and what to say. Also, Alhaji Ibrahim Mustapha, a sugarcane wholesaler in Kurmin Gwari Kaduna, who usually gets to his stall at 6 a.m daily, said he has to study the situation on ground. “In Kurmi Gwari where I use to sell wholesale to customers. I always reach there before 6 a.m., to meet several customers. “But following the strange things happening, and protest in far away northern state, I have to stay at home today,” he said. According to him, he had already informed customers waiting for him, to go back home