The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has announced Hon. Ladi Adebutu as its duly elected candidate for the 2023 governorship election in Ogun State. At about 11pm on Wednesday, the PDP electoral committee, led by Professor Akase Sorkaa, announced the result of the primary election held at the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL), Abeokuta, Ogun State. The committee announced that Adebutu polled 714 votes to defeat Jimi Lawal, Segun Sowunmi and Abodunrin Abimbola, who recorded no votes. In the presence of the officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the Sorkaa committee declared that, “Hon. Ladi Adebutu, having scored the highest number of votes, is hereby declared the winner of the Ogun 2023 governorship primary and the candidate of the PDP for the Ogun 2023 gubernatorial election.” At the commencement of the election, loyalists of Adebutu and Lawal went up in arms with one another over the delegates’ lists. Followers of Lawal had cried that the delegates list brought by the PDP electoral committee from Abuja had been doctored, alleging that it was not the same as the one certified by INEC. But, with the insistence of the PDP Chairman in Ogun State, Sikirulahi Ogundele, the election was held using the delegates list from the party’s national headquarters. It appears this did not go down well with Lawal and his supporters as they left the auditorium unannounced, refusing to participate in the primary election. Addressing newsmen after the election, Adebutu said the victory was pursued for almost a decade. “I feel elated, I feel there is plenty of job to be done. This is a journey we have embarked upon for a long time. This is the hurdle we have crossed and we recognise there are still many more to be crossed. “I pray God in his infinite mercy will grant us the grace and strength to cross the remaining hurdle so that we will be enabled to bring good governance to Ogun State. “We will continue to encourage other aspirants that this journey is for the sake of mankind; it is for the sake of the impoverished people of Ogun State. it is not for a particular person, and it’s a sacrifice we must all make. “I believe the gentlemen, surely, they mean well and will act in the interest of the good people Ogun State. As gentlemen, they will come into the fold we’ll be able to do this job together, because it is a big herculean job to do,” the former Remo federal lawmaker stated. DAILY POST recalls that Segun Showunmi, a former spokesman to Atiku Abubakar, had earlier on Wednesday held a factional primary election that returned him as the Ogun PDP factional governorship candidate.