The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its gubernatorial candidate in Osun State, Ademola Adeleke have been warned to desist from unnecessarily heating the political climate in the state as it prepares for the July 16, 2022, gubernatorial election. The warning, handed down by the Adegboyega Oyetola Campaign Council also described the boast by the PDP and its gubernatorial candidate, Ademola Adeleke that he had acquired enough money in hard currencies to buy Osun and its people for the July 16 gubernatorial contest as absurd, unthinkable and unacceptable. In a statement signed by its Director-General, Senator Ajibola Basiru and obtained by DAILY POST on Monday, the Campaign Council which declared that Osun was not for sale to the highest bidder noted that on daily basis, the PDP candidate is proving to the Osun electorate that he had nothing to offer. Senator Ademola, the PDP candidate had over the weekend during the party’s Osun Central Campaign rally, boasted that “Osun people, you are the ones to decide. If it is about money, I have enough. I came with plenty of money. And it is not only naira, I came with dollars, pounds and Euro. This time around in Osun, it is fire for fire.” Reacting to Ademola’s comment, the Oyetola Campaign Council warned the people of the state not to be gullible, saying, “We have left them in no doubt of the quality our party, the APC and our Administration are made of, including the capacity of our candidate to deliver in the past three and half years. We have proved through our inclusive governance strategy that our people are our strength and that we do not take them for granted and we will never take them for granted. This explains why in spite of the way the 2018 election went, our administration began infrastructure intervention from Ede, the hometown of the PDP candidate. “Osun people are enlightened, they know that the State and its citizens are not up for sale to the highest bidder. Therefore, the PDP candidate should keep his money. Or better still, he could deploy those resources to establish industries to provide jobs for the people. This way, he will also be supporting the present Administration’s noticeable efforts in the last three and half years to industrialise the state and change its narrative as a Civil Service State, to one bubbling with economic activities. “It is on record that the Oyetola-led administration has since inception taken concrete steps to open up the state for investments, and has been able to attract a number of investments into Osun, contributing to the economic growth of the State. “We assure the PDP candidate that as the administration did to other players in the private sector, we will provide a level playing ground for his business to thrive and ensure Osun and its people derive maximum benefit from the investment.” While cautioning the PDP gubernatorial candidate against heating up the polity with his comments, the campaign council also wondered what Adeleke meant by his, “it’s fire for fire this time around” statement. “As a responsible party, we urge Senator Adeleke and his party to embrace peaceful conduct and decorum in their political engagements and electioneering. We must avoid any comment or action that can jeopardise the peace and stability of our State,” the statement concluded.