The Unified Northern Nigerian Youth Forum (UNNYF), has refuted rumours being circulated on social media that the Federal High Court has thrown out the case between Dr Godwin Emefiele and INEC and declined the application for the maintenance of status quo antebellum. A statement issued by Mohammed Sanni Aliyu, spokesman of the group said, “It has come to the notice of the Unified Northern Nigerian Youth Forum that a baseless rumour has been circulated in the media, especially the social media that the Federal High Court (Court 3) has thrown out the case between Dr Godwin Emefiele and INEC and or declined the application for the maintenance of status quo antebellum.” The group noted that the information is not true, but a misconception deliberately conceived by enemies of democracy, saying that Nigerians are actually troubled and terrified to their bones by the fact that Dr Godwin Emefiele is being called upon by Nigerians to serve them. According to the statement, ”Dr Godwin Emefiele as an economist, a banker, a technocrat, with so much knowledge of the economy and without a previous record of corruption or corruption-related matters, joining the race for Presidency is actually a development that has gotten them all jittery and has so much distorted their equilibrium to the point of initiating and circulating rumours. “To set the record straight, the Federal High Court (Court 3) under the leadership of Lord Justice A. R. Mohammed did not at any point in time threw out the case titled GODWIN EMEFIELE Vs. INEC and or declined to grant the order for maintenance of status quo antebellum but only adjourned the matter to Thursday, 12th of May 2022,” the statement explained. It added, “This to the best of our knowledge and information is to allow the defendants to come to court on that date and say before the honourable court and the Judge why the order should not be granted.” The group called on Nigerians to remain calm and watchful, to disregard any piece of information contrary to the above, explaining that they should see it as only an attempt to deny Nigerians their choice and the only road to salvation by those who fear the rise of a new Nigeria through Dr Godwin Emefiele. It explained, “The Unified Northern Nigeria Youth Forum are very much optimistic and want to assure Nigerians that the honourable court will rule in favour of Dr Godwin Emefiele, that the cause will continue and Nigerians will get the man they desire, Nigerians will get their choice of candidate no matter the attempt, calculation and combination of evil forces acting against him because in the end, the truth always prevails.” It also assured, “Certainly, no one can stop an idea whose time has come, now is the time for Emefiele’s Presidency, for Nigeria to flourish, prosper, wax stronger and be evergreen again.”