Ahead of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Convention slated for 28 and 29 May, a Presidential aspirant and Sokoto State Governor have appealed to delegates to vote with their conscience. He made the call through the spokesperson of his campaign organization, Prince Daniel, Wednesday in Abuja. The Former Speaker of the House of Representatives campaign organisation charged the 811 delegates to vote right and ensure their votes count. He explained that the PDP requires a candidate that is indisputably fit, acceptable and someone with the right temperament to handle Nigeria’s diversity. Tambuwal’s campaign organization explained that the political trend took a new dimension recently with the overwhelming number of candidates vying for the presidential seat under the PDP and other political parties. He acknowledged that, though a large number of political gladiators in the presidential race may be unprecedented and could be overwhelming for delegates across board, the wheat can be separated from the chaff by the assessment of their evidence-based track record and undefiled antecedent as well as the will power to act. He stated ” we are living witnesses to the daunting challenges facing our nation. It is needless to start mentioning them because Nigerians are wearing the shoe and they know where it pinches. Also, the solutions to these challenges are well known and some are even documented in blueprints of various Ministries, Departments and (MDAs) of government at all levels. The only missing link is the political will to act. “Another campaign cycle is upon us, the PDP, having lost two consecutive presidential elections in the last seven years, now has another opportunity to elect a qualified candidate who knows his onions to face the ruling party in the contest. The Tambuwal Campaign Organisation said Tambuwal over the years have garnered the required experience needed to tackle Nigeria’s problem. “This is a passionate appeal to party faithful and delegates nationwide to take advantage of this opportunity to right all the wrongs and vote with conscience as we cannot afford to get it wrong again this time. “I plead with us to vote with nobility remembering that we have no other country than Nigeria and we are all in this ship together. The choice you make at the primaries will determine if the ship successfully sails to shore or sinks in the deep seas. “Nigeria’s fate is pinned on you to present a credible and detribalized candidate. We are counting on your patriotism to vote right and ensure your votes count”. The campaign organisation stressed that with aggravated challenges, bringing the country back from the brink is an economic, moral, political and social imperative. 