Former Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development Chief Nduese Essien as well as 61 others have emerged as national ad-hoc delegates from Akwa Ibom State ahead of the forthcoming national convention of the Peoples Democratic Party. The congress held across the 31 local government areas of the state, had a total of 62 delegates elected for the convention, which in accordance with Section 25(1) (R) of the PDP Constitution one National Delegate and one Person Living with Disability, PLWD, per LGA would be elected Chief Essien, who is a former federal lawmaker and the political leader of Esit Eket, Elder Ben Udobia, were among the eight ad hoc delegates in Eket Federal Constituency. Our correspondent reports that Governor Udom Emmanuel was among the party accredited voters at the congress in his local government, Onna. Speaking shortly after participating at the exercise at QIC Group School, Awa Iman, venue of the exercise in Onna LGA, Governor Emmanuel lauded the peaceful conduct of the exercise and the cooperation of the participants. He expressed optimism that with the successes recorded at the ward and local government levels, subsequent congresses will be hitch free and the delegates elected through the processes will deliver on the interest of the party in due course. Declaring the result, the Returning Officer, Mr. Iniobong Akpan, thanked members of the Onna chapter of the PDP for their cooperation in aiding the smooth conduct of the exercise in their constituency. Mr. Benard Ubong Duncan scored 99 votes to emerge as national delegate while Ikpe Monday Udoyen emerged the PLWD delegate with 112 votes. At Esit Eket Local Government Area, Elder Ben Udobia and a physically challenged, Mr. Nnamse Asuamiom emerged as national delegates of the party. Elder Udobia polled 140 votes out of the 140 accredited voters, while Mr. Asuamiom scored 118 votes to fill the two vacancies for the National Presidential Convention to be held later this month in Abuja. Hon. Ikoedem Ekong and Mr Samuel Mbipom Nse-Abasi were elected in Ibeno, while the political leader of Eket Senatorial District Chief Nduese Essien alongside the physically disabled Imoh Enobong emerged national delegates of the party. In his acceptance speech, Ben Udobia, a political leader in the area, described the process as free, fair and transparent. He thanked all party stakeholders and delegates for choosing him for the task, assuring that he would deliver. In Ibeno Local Government Area, the state officer of the party who doubles as Eket Senatorial District Woman Leader, Mrs Grace Henry Ekpe adjudged the exercise as peaceful, transparent and successful, adding that the leadership of the party must be commended for its transparency in the conduct of the congress elections in Ibeno.