The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leaders and stakeholders in Imo State have warned against any attempt to subvert the popular will of the delegates by any party officer or Ad-Hoc Panel/Committee members no matter how highly placed. The party leaders also sounded a note of warning that they will no longer tolerate misconduct by electoral committee members sent to Imo State or any effort to tamper with result sheets or any act that may impugn on the integrity of the primaries in the state. The PDP SEC/Stakeholders gave the advice in a statement jointly signed release by its State Chairman, Engr. Charles Ugwu, Hon. (Nze) Ray Emeaña Secretary and Barr. Kissinger Ikokwu State Legal Adviser on Tuesday in Owerri,Imo State. The directive, according to the party leadership, was part of the resolution of the SEC/stakeholders meeting held at the party secretariat in Owerri. According to the release ,”The SEC/Stakeholders wish to draw the attention of the NWC to recent activities of Ad-Hoc Committee sent to the state, which has the tendency to invalidate the nomination process for the Party’s candidates in the State should the process of our primaries be deemed faulty. “SEC/stakeholders resolve to sound an alarm and state clearly that the Party in Imo State will no longer tolerate misconduct by Electoral Committee members sent to Imo State or any effort to tamper with result sheets or any act that may impugn on the integrity of the Primaries in the state. “SEC/stakeholders call the National Working on Committee (NWC) to set up an inquiry to unravel the mystery behind the disappearance of the Ideato North and south ad-hoc delegates electoral materials. “SEC/stakeholders note that in view of the current security challenges in Imo state, the party cannot guarantee the safety of any committee member(s) who chooses to stay in places not provided by the Party. “SEC/stakeholders call on the National Secretary, Senator Samuel Anyanwu to intervene, to ensure that committees sent to Imo State act according to the guidelines for the party primaries. “SEC/stakeholders resolved that Electoral Committee Members sent to Imo State must show their respective letters of appointment, which should be photocopied and acknowledged by the state secretary of the party. The release further reads, “The monitoring function of INEC should begin at the state secretariat Accordingly, the DSS and INEC Officers should be officially present, when the National Committees for the conduct of the various party primaries are received by the state working committee. “The result Sheets shall be declared in full view of INEC and DSS officers. Failure to produce and timely give out result sheets will be viewed as sabotage and the National Committee for conduct of primaries would not be allowed to leave the secretariat without addressing the press, giving reasons why they did not come with the result sheets. “The National Organizing Secretary is hereby informed about the development in Imo. In addition, the National Committee members shall be made to put it in writing that they did not come with the result sheets. “SEC/stakeholders resolve to send a delegation led by the State Chairman, BOT members, members of the State and national Assemblies, and other leaders to the National Working Committee (NWC) to formally present the position of Imo State.”