The Benue State Government has lambasted the former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode over a comment he made on the security situation in Benue and other parts of the country. FFK had in a statement asked governors including Samuel Ortom of Benue State battling with insecurity to take charge of security in their states and not just leave the problem to President Muhammadu Buhari alone. A statement issued by Governor Ortom’s Special Adviser, Media and Publicity, Terver Akase accused the former Minister of only making efforts to protect the image of those feeding him, saying he now survives on cash-and-carry loyalty. According to Akase, “Fani-Kayode’s case does not only sound like a broken record which repeats a single beat, causing ad nauseam among the audience, but his utterances also smack of an icky and trite song composed by a man who is bereaved of every ounce of shame and now survives on cash-and-carry loyalty. “His attempt to compare other Governors with those who procure his meal ticket regarding the security situation in their states is an open reminder to his benefactors that his wallet needs to be refilled. “Fani-Kayode is a merchant of acrimony who often embarks on narratives sterile in substance but laden with emotions and only good enough for the cesspit. An overtly self-seeking politician who keeps no true friends. The statement revealed that Governor Ortom who was the first to enact a law to prohibit open grazing of animals with the introduction of ranches had also introduced Livestock Guards to enforce the law, stating that he also recently established Community Volunteer Guards at the state, local government and ward levels to ensure the security of lives and properties. Akase further claimed that Governor Samuel Ortom is one of the most proactive Governors in the country when it comes to the issues of security. “The only thing that Governor Samuel Ortom has, however, refused to do is sponsor the likes of Fani-Kayode to make press statements to commend his efforts in ensuring the security of lives and property of Benue people”, he added.