Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has expressed appreciation to all stakeholders of the State for the enduring peace and progress being witnessed in the State since the inception of his administration. Gov. Ugwuanyi, who disclosed that Enugu is a reference point for peace in the country, said that he does not take the support, solidarity and cooperation of the stakeholders of the state towards the actualization of the enviable feat for granted. Addressing the people of Udi Local Government Area, when they paid him a solidarity visit at the Government House, Enugu, on Tuesday, Gov. Ugwuanyi expressed delight at the maximum support and solidarity they have given him since he assumed office in 2015. The Udi people were at the Government House, Enugu, to commend Gov. Ugwuanyi for the peace and good governance in the state as well as to appeal to him for the zoning of the Enugu West Senatorial District ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the council area in the spirit of justice, equity and fairness. The Governor urged them to remain committed in prayers for God to continue to direct the affairs of the State, adding that the positive results the State was witnessing in terms peace, security and good governance in spite of the nation’s challenges was because his administration entrusted Enugu State to God’s hands. Gov. Ugwuanyi, who applauded the people of Udi LGA for their comportment and peaceful disposition in the course of their quest for the senatorial seat, advised them to consult widely and continue to ensure that things are done peacefully, transparently and credibly. “Let’s put it in prayers and entrust it to the hands of God. I thank all the Udi stakeholders because of their support since I assumed office. I also thank all the stakeholders of Enugu State for accepting for peace to reign in the state. I will not take it for granted”, he said. Earlier in his presentation on behalf of the people of Udi LGA, the Council Chairman, Hon. Philip Okoh, told Gov. Ugwuanyi that “We came to thank you for the good works you are doing in Enugu State, the peace you have entrenched in Enugu State as well as the manner you govern the state despite all the challenges in the country”. Hon. Okoh disclosed that the residents of Enugu State are enjoying a peaceful atmosphere because of the governor’s penchant for peace, and his fear of God. The council chairman added that all these feats were equally made possible because Gov. Ugwuanyi entrusted Enugu State to the hands of God when he assumed office. He further commended Gov. Ugwuanyi for the numerous landmark projects of his administration with the State’s lean resources, stating that the newly constructed flyover bridge at Nike Lake Road T-junction, Enugu, is a masterpiece and an eloquent testimony to his remarkable achievements in office. Giving a narrative of the political calculations and rotation of elective public offices among the five LGAs in Enugu West Senatorial District, Hon. Okoh, on behalf of the people of Udi LGA, appealed that it is their turn to occupy the senatorial seat of the district in the 10th National Assembly. In his remarks, HRH Igwe F. Ken Ezeike, on behalf of the Traditional Rulers, lauded Gov. Ugwuanyi’s peace and good governance initiatives, stressing that the governor’s leadership style is well cherished and unprecedented in the annals of Enugu State. The Monarch advised all stakeholders and political contestants in Enugu State to embrace the peace and tranquility entrenched in the state by Gov. Ugwuanyi, expressing confidence in the ability of the governor to address the request of the people of Udi LGA amicably. Dignitaries at the event included the Deputy Speaker of Enugu State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Uche Ugwu, the member representing Udi South Constituency, Rt. Hon. Chuka Eneh, former member of House of Representatives, Hon. Garry Eneh, former Minister of Aviation, Amb. Mrs. Fidelia Njeze, Rt. Hon. Dr. Festus Uzor, Commissioner for Chieftaincy Affairs, Dr. Charles Egumgbe, Commissioner for Special Duties, Hon. Mrs. Mabel Agbo, and the General Manager, Enugu State Housing Development Corporation (ESHDC), Hon. Chukwuemelie Agu. Others include the Deputy Chairman of Udi LGA, Hon. Hyginus Agu, the PDP Chairman, Udi LGA, Okey Aneke, Rev. Oscar Egwuonwu, Barr. O.A.U Onyema, Dr. Simon Nnamdi Eneh, Engr. Osita Ngwu (RG), Hon. Uche Agu, Barr. Tahill Ochi, Hon. George Obiora, Rev. Fr. Nnamdi Nwankwo, etc.