President Muhammadu Buhari has approved a total sum of N4,045,197,340 billion for the Ministry of Aviation to acquire a highbrow property in Abuja, that will serve as office accommodation. The funds would also go into buying of specialised equipment to aid the Accident Investigation Bureau AIB perform its job in case of Aviation accidents. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed made the disclosure on Wednesday, after the Federal Executive Council meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari. “I am reporting on behalf of the Ministries of Aviation, Power, Agriculture. The council approved a memo from the Honorable Minister of Aviation for the award of contract for the establishment and deployment of Advanced Report Generation Utility Engine web based reporting tools in favour of Mssers Sinecon Limited in total sum of N553, 575, 000, inclusive of 7.5% with a delivery period of 12 months. This technology will aid the Accident Investigation Bureau to be able to establish and develop the advanced reports generation system. “This system has tremendous benefits to both authorities and recipients of information. It will be hosted on a common database, which reduces agency’s cost of production, and provides technical means for users to search across agencies of government to communicate findings of accident investigations in a modern web based format, as opposed to the current traditional written format published on the web. “The web reporting tool will motivate investigators over time to create more visual contents that will have an integrated option to develop 3D flight animation to communicate the history of flights that will be hosted on plane sciences services in Ottawa, Canada. “The second memo was the most straightforward one. The council approved the sum of N3,491,622,340 to enable the Ministry of Aviation to purchase a property at Plot 426, Cadastral Zone, opposite the Corporate Affairs Commission. “This property will enable the ministry to be in the same building with many of its agencies. As of now, many of the agencies operate from rented properties and this is a drain on the government apart from the fact that it does not allow for good coordination of activities. Necessary checks and legal searches have been made and the council approved the purchase today,” Lai stated on behalf of the Aviation Minister, Hadi Sirika. Meanwhile, the Minister of Power also presented two memos to FEC which were both approved. The first memo sought approval for the upward review of the original contract sum in respect of the construction of Yola, Song, Gombe, Mubi, Gulako 132 KV double circuit transmission line. It is a 232km transmission line which is judged to be so crucial to the ability of the Transmission Company of Nigeria to improve power generated by the GENCOs. Lai said, ” It is a variation. The contract has been awarded before but due to paucity of funds and additional obstacles, it has to be reviewed from the original USD $16 million plus N1.248 billion to now the same $16,698,000 but N2,337,643,640. “The second memo by the Minister of Power also sought approval for the repair and refurbishment of defective nine sets of 330 KV, 13 sets of 132 KV and 26 sets of 33 KV Crompton grips circuit breakers for the Transmission Company of Nigeria. Some of these circuit breakers are weak, having been there for more than 35 years and the total sum is N409,089,841. And this is to help the network of the TCN” Also deliberated at FEC was a memo seeking approval for a national agricultural technology innovation policy. ” It is a policy that aims at better synergy and alignment with MDAs to overcome inadequate coordination on policy implementation. It will address the issue of fragmentation of mandates and rivalries among MDAs in the agricultural sector. It will help livestock development and it will support the establishment of functional models of ranches, grazing reserves and integrated meat and dairy processing among others. “The policy is also going to help promote knowledge creation and transfer through reorganising, unbundling and strengthening agricultural research and training systems. The policy will also give access to mechanization via tractor and implement hiring schemes. It will also impact on quality extension service delivery leading to enhanced technology adoption to strengthen the value chain for quality crops, fisheries and aquaculture among others,” Lai explained on behalf of the Minister of Agriculture, Mohammad Abubakar.