The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kogi State on Sunday held its primary election for state House of Assembly and House of Representatives across the 21 local government areas of the state. For the House of Representatives seats, Hon. T.J. Faniyi emerged the PDP flagbearer for Yagba Federal Constituency. Hon. Faniyi polled 64 votes to defeat his close rival, who pulled 45 votes. Otunba Olaiya Olobatoke also picked the PDP ticket for Kabba-Bunu/Ijumu House of Representatives. The party‘s standard bearer for the 2023 general election defeated Arch. Salman Idris by 34 to 32 votes. A serving House of Representatives member in the National Assembly Hon. Ibrahim Shaba, also picked the ticket of Lokoja Kogi Federal constituency election. Shaba defeated his closet rival, Hon. Danladi Bababudon by 54 to 10 votes to retain the PDP ticket for the National Assembly. Activist Usman Austin Okai won the PDP ticket for Dekina/Bassa Federal Constituency. He polled 28 votes to beat his closest rival, a former Deputy Speaker during Governor Idris Wada administration, Hon. Emmanuel Omebije Other aspirants who contested in Dekina/Bassa Federal Constituency PDP primary election scored the following voted: Honourable Simon Atadoga, 11 votes, Honourable Positive Ihabe, five votes,
Samuel Agagwu two votes, Ojochide Mary Odoma and Anthony Gab isah both have zero votes. For the House of Assembly ticket, the opposition PDP elected, Hon Kasim Ishiaku and Hon. Ahmed Shehu Yabagi to fly the party‘s flag for Lokoja I and II State Assembly in the forthcoming general election. The duo emerged through a consensus and affirmation during the party congress held in Lokoja. Hon. Femi Obalemo picked the PDP ticket for Kabba Bunu State Assembly in the forthcoming general election. Obalemo emerged by defeating Kingsley Mokikan by 29 to 17 votes. Elsewhere in the East, Comrade Zekeri Umoru emerged the flag bearer of the PDP for Igalamela Odolu State House of Assembly election. Alhaji Zakito Umar scored a total of 29 votes, while his opponen, Barrister Muhammed Sulaiman scored one vote. In the Central part of the state, Alhaji Haruna Mohammed Ganaja picked the PDP ticket for Ajaokuta State Constituency. Alhaji Haruna emerged unopposed. Former Publicity Secretary of Kogi PDP Bode Ogunmola picked the ticket for Ogori-Magongo state constituency. Bode Ogunmola scored a total of 28 votes to beat his closest opponent Jerome Olumuyiwa Joseph, who scored 2 votes. Results for other Federal Constituency and State House of Assembly are yet to come as at the time of filing this report.