Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has disclosed that President Muhammadu Buhari has failed Nigerians in many ways. The union made this disclosure on Sunday. DAILY POST gathered that Buhari was elected as President of Nigeria on the platform of All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2015. He was re-elected in 2019. ASUU has, however, said that the president has failed the electorate in many ways. The union in a statement signed by Chairman, University of Ibadan chapter of ASUU, Professor Ayo Akinwole, enjoined Nigerians to elect a leader who can protect them in 2023. Akinwole in his May Day press statement to felicitate with workers, asked Nigerian workers to rise and resist a system that exposed them to suffering. He advised Buhari to toe the path of honour and sign the agreements which will improve the working conditions and make universities in the country look like a real knowledge ecosystem. He added that citizenship in the Nigerian state has been compromised due to the wrong attitude of the government that does not see the need to promote integration. Akinwole, who spoke further explained that the current administration lacked the capacity to unite the country. He said, “This administration has failed Nigerians in the following ways: Non implementation of minimum wage policy of the government by all the states; inappropriate payment platform of salary, which denies workers the opportunity to plan for the future. “Embargo on employment in federal universities has turned workers to slaves; workers have become hopeless because there is no succession plan; High level of insecurity has negatively affected safety of life and properties, Political instability in Nigeria more than ever before this government polarized the country along religion and ethnicity. “Citizenship in the Nigerian state has been compromised due to the wrong attitude of the government that does not see the need to promote integration; The current administration lacks the capacity to unite the country and provide needed forum for the future; and Our youth have become negatively aggressive and have given in to moral lapses. “Nigerian people have been abandoned to the elements, to bandits and terrorists, to disease and scarcity. They are fed with words on empty stomachs and are nourished with promises that are never kept.”