A governorship aspirant under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ebonyi State, Senator Obinna Ogba has explained why the national leadership of the PDP cancelled the hijacked 3-man delegates congress election in the state. Ogba, the senator representing Ebonyi Central senatorial zone in the national assembly, made this known while speaking with journalists in Abakaliki, Ebonyi State. According to him: “The last one we had was cancelled because the Chairman of that panel reported that he was under duress and collected the whole materials he came with and because of that, the National cancelled the whole members and reconstituted a new 5-man Adhoc committee. Senator Ogba who denied having any squabble with the state chairman of the Party, Mr. Silas Onu, noted that he will ensure that the PDP wins the forthcoming 2023 general election in the state. “My relationship with my State Chairman, Silas Onu is that relationship between a party member and a state Chairman. It is very cordial and we don’t have any problem. “In terms of confidence, you know that I don’t have that confidence of the Chairman but the problem is that it is not the duty of the Chairman to conduct an election. It is the National that is conducting the congress. The Chairman is only to welcome the visitors, he has no role to play, he has no area for him to sign and that is why last time, the panel went to submit to him. “They introduced themselves to him, that they have come to Ebonyi State to do a job and he hijacked them locked them in a hotel and refused to go out. It took the intervention of the DSS to rescue the Chairman of that panel. Even the Chairman released the document to him for him to save his life. He, however, revealed the preparedness of the national leadership of the PDP to handle the matter: “PDP is a very big party, there is no problem in the party in the state. National is capable, they will handle the issues, and they will resolve the issues. Before the House of Assembly congress, the National will resolve all the issues. On the issue of a court order allegedly filed by a member to stop the 3-man delegates Congress election in Ebonyi, he said: “If there is any court order, we have to respect the order and if there is none, the election goes on. For me and my supporters, we don’t have any problem, if there is a court order to stop it, fine and good. If there is no court order, fine and good. Anyhow it goes, we are prepared for the election” he stated.