The Phoenix Project, powered by Accelerate is an initiative created to empower the next generation of creatives by bridging the gap between the knowledge they need and the opportunities required to succeed. Recently launched by Accelerate, the Phoenix Project is structured into the beginner, intermediate, and advanced levels. While the beginner level is free, the intermediate and advanced levels are paid – but have been heavily subsidized by Access Bank to empower the creative sector, an effort designed to complement the government’s efforts to empower youths and create jobs, particularly in the creative and entertainment industries. The Phoenix Project covers 12 knowledge areas such as Social Media for Business, Entertainment Law, Advertising your brand, Graphic Design, becoming an Influencer, Introduction to Film, Scriptwriting, Business of Vlogging, Introduction to Songwriting, Introduction to Film Production, Business of Entertainment and the Business of Fashion. The knowledge areas are grouped into three bundles, namely; Film and Production, Business of Entertainment, and Social Media for Business, and they are built across the project’s beginner, intermediate, and advanced levels. The Phoenix Project has brought together an impactful ensemble of industry leaders to facilitate the programs featured in each bundle. Let’s meet the facilitators of the Phoenix Project. KEMI “LALA” AKINDOJU  Kemi “Lala” Akindoju is an award-winning Nigerian actor, theatre teacher, casting director, and producer. She started her acting career in 2005 doing stage performances before venturing into feature films. Kemi, fondly called “Lala,” was one of the actresses chosen to perform at the Theatre Royale Stratford East as part of the Cultural Olympiad during the London 2012 Olympics. She is a part of the Lufodo Academy of Performing Arts (LAPA) faculty, where she facilitates and teaches improvisation drama. Kemi has starred in movies like The CEO, Fifty, Suru L’ere, Òlòtūré, Potato Potahto, and The Smart Money Woman among others. Kemi Akindoju will be facilitating the “Production 101” course on The Phoenix Project. PAUL OKEUGO  Paul Okeugo is a Nigerian entrepreneur and co-founder of one of Africa’s most recognized entertainment brands, Chocolate City. He is a public speaker, and record label executive with experience in sales and marketing. Paul is a thought leader in Nigeria’s entertainment industry and is bringing his wealth of experience to teach the “Business side of Entertainment” at The Phoenix Project. ENIOLUWA ADEOLUWA  Enioluwa Adeoluwa, also known as ‘Lipgloss Boy’, is a Nigerian writer, beauty/brand influencer, and content creator. He is a public speaker and media/communications specialist, who successfully grew his followers from zero to 613k followers on Instagram, making him one of the most followed Nigerian youths on social media. He is the first Crocs brand ambassador in Nigeria. Enioluwa will be facilitating the course “Becoming an Influencer” on The Phoenix Project. DAPO OSAJI  Dapo Osaji is an accomplished Creative Director with a track record in the garment and fashion industries. Textiles, Fashion Design, Style, and Wardrobe Consulting are some of his areas of expertise. With a degree in Psychology from the University of Lagos, he has a solid understanding of people, trend marketing, and human resource management. Dapo Osaji will be facilitating the course “Business of Fashion” on The Phoenix Project. BEVERLEY AGBAKOBA-ONYEJIANYA  Beverley Agbakoba-Onyejianya is a Sports and Entertainment lawyer and a regulatory and compliance expert. She self-identifies as a ‘lawyerpreneur’ and advises a wide range of clientele, including techies, filmmakers, real estate, entrepreneurs, small businesses, sports clubs, and sports groups, among others. Amaka Agbakoba will be facilitating the “Entertainment Law” course on The Phoenix Project. ADETOKE OLUWO  Adetoke Oluwo is a Screenwriter and Content Creator. Adetoke is the Creative Director at The SGTC Brand. She has successfully grown The SGTC Brand from scratch; a testament that her entrepreneurial skills and devotion to becoming successful are unrivalled. She will be facilitating the “Social Media for Business” course on The Phoenix Project. ISAAC GERALDS  Isaac Geralds is a singer and songwriter who has worked with several Nigerian and foreign A-List artists such as Tiwa Savage, MI, Simi, Falz and many more. He was a contestant at the 2011 Project Fame West Africa and has since gone on to establish himself as a voice and force to reckon with as far as the business of singing and songwriting is concerned. Isaac will be facilitating the “Songwriting” course on The Phoenix Project. OMAGA IDIRIGBE  Omaga Idrigbe is an experienced Creative Director with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. He is skilled in Branding, Identity design, Advertising and Marketing. He is a strong marketing professional with many successful campaigns for both local and international brands. Omaga will be facilitating both the “Branding and Graphic Design” course on The Phoenix Project. ABBA T. MAKAMA  Abba T. Makama is an award-winning filmmaker and the Founder/Creative Director of OSIRIS. His feature film, Green White Green, has screened at over 17 international film festivals and won Best Nigerian Film at AFRIFF 2016. Abba has a degree in Business Management from the State University of New York, Fredonia, and studied film at New York University. He will be facilitating the “Introduction to Film” course on The Phoenix Project. XAVIER IGHORODJE (Photo tagged with the courses they are facilitating) Xavier Ighorodje is an award-winning Screenwriter, Director, Content Creator and Producer. He is the screenwriter of the documentary short – A Will of Iron, which won a Sundance award for short documentary in 2014, sponsored by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Some of his writing credits include MNET Africa Magic Showcase’s Jamestown, The Retreat, Hush, Jemeji, Battleground and Ajoche. Xavier will be facilitating the “Introduction to Scriptwriting” course on The Phoenix Project. UMMEETA RABIU  Ummeeta Rabiu is an award-winning entrepreneur, blogger and vlogger, who has had many public speaking opportunities on the importance of being financially independent. She was awarded the Entrepreneur of the month on 30 under 30 for Swish Nigeria awards in 2019. Ummeeta has also been enlisted on Farin Wata TV as one of the Top 10 Most Influential Young Muslim Women of Nigeria. She will be facilitating the “Business of Vlogging” on The Phoenix Project. With this robust arsenal of seasoned professionals, the Phoenix Project, beyond any reasonable doubt, is your ticket to finding your expression in an ever-evolving world of creativity. Here, you can hone your skills, unleash the creativity in you and be just as successful as the person you so much admired. Take that bold step today and join this extraordinary learning platform by registering HERE. Welcome on board! Link to website: https://phoenixprojectng.com/