The President-General of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo socio-political organization, George Obiozor, on Thursday, issued a caution to all southeast presidential aspirants. Obiozor warned southeast presidential aspirants against accepting the Vice Presidential slot of their political parties. In a statement issued after addressing the Imeobi Ohanaeze at the body’s secretariat, Obiozor insisted that the southeast should be allowed to produce Nigeria’s president. Obiozor insisted that it was morally and historically justifiable that the Southeast be allowed to produce Nigeria’s President. According to Obiozor: “The clamour for an Igbo to be elected as a President of Nigeria is morally and historically justifiable. It is a project every Igbo must commit himself or herself. To this end, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has made contacts with several Nigerian leaders with respect to the right of the South East to produce a President for the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “All the double dealings about zoning and rotation of power is an orchestrated conspiracy to deprive the South East of the right to produce a president. “I want to assure all of you that as hard as they may try, they will surely fail. Ours is a right and just cause. I wish to use this opportunity to encourage all the Presidential aspirants from the South East to remain focused, tenacious and optimistic. “In fact we are fully committed to the resolution by the Southern and Middle Belt Leadership Forum (SMBLF) that no Southerner, in fact a South Easterner for that matter, should denigrate himself or herself with the position of a Vice President. “The Political Action Committee (PAC) of Ohanaeze Ndigbo will still meet several eminent Nigerians to persuade them to appreciate the need for a South easterner to be elected a president of Nigeria.” Politicians from the Southeast like Peter Obi, former Anambra State Governor; Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment; Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, Minister of State for Education; Orji Uzor Kalu, Senate Chief Whip, Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State have all signified interest to run for the Presidency in 2023.