Gunmen have killed three and released 21 out of 26 kidnapped residents of Ungwan Bulus, in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State, after payment of over N2m and three new Bazaj Motorcycles amounting to N800,000 as ransom. DAILY POST recalls that the kidnappers attacked Angwan Bulus on March 30, 2022, and abducted 26 residents of the area. They called for ransom, while families and relatives of the victims were rallying around for money, the criminals killed three hostages threatening to kill others if the ransom is not paid quickly enough. However, the entire community taxed themselves, provided over N2m, three Bazaj Motorcycles amounting to N800,000 ransom One of the released women, Mrs. Kubwai Paul, who said she was kidnapped alongside three of her children, said one of her sons, a 17-year-old, was among those killed while they were all in the kidnappers’ den. Mrs. Paul, while narrating her experience to DAILY POST, said on the day they were taken away, the kidnappers first, demanded that she give them her four years old baby for a blood ritual. In her words, Mrs Paul she said, ” As we were led into the bush, with my youngest son, they said I should give him to them to suck his blood. When I heard this, I went into prayers, calling on God to intervene,” she said. She said, while in the kidnappers’ den, the criminals came and selected three of the persons snatched from Angwan Bulus, including her 17 years old, saying they were sending them to rest. “While we were sitting, they just came and asked where are the Sabon Tasha people, asking for families that are more in number, from where they selected one each. One of those chosen was 19, mine was 17 and another man selling drugs. “They said they were taking them home since our people refused to pay. When they came back, they said they have killed them,” she said According to her, their captors warned them not to cry on hearing the news of the death of the three. “You dare not cry even if they kill someone, anything you do without their permission, they will shoot or flog you,” she said. She narrated that while in the forest, the abductors provided them with food, though tasteless and led them to a nearby river daily to take bath. On the day of their release, she could not exactly tell what happened, but only recalled how kidnappers gave them transport money and they later found themselves at a village along the Kaduna-Abuja highway, around Rijana. The Kaduna Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalige did not pick his calls for comments on the killed villagers.