The Osun State chapter of the Inter Party Advisory Council (IPAC) has been accused of bias and partisanship over its attack on Ademola Adeleke, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial candidate for the July 16, Osun gubernatorial election. The accusation, which came through a statement signed by Diran Odeyemi, the Director of Media, Senator Ademola Adeleke Campaign Organisation, also described the group’s attack as a hatchet job in favour of the All Progressives Congress (APC). In the statement, the Senator Ademola Adeleke Campaign Organisation condemned IPAC for joining the APC to misinterpret Senator Adeleke’s comments at the Osogbo rally. Adeleke’s response came after the PDP gubernatorial candidate was asked a question by the audience on how he intended to fund the campaign against an incumbent. The statement asked that, “Is it a crime to respond to supporters who raised alarm about Oyetola’s men boasting of buying up voters in the State? Is it wrong for Senator Adeleke to calm frayed nerves about APC men going round the State with ‘dibo kosebe’ slogans? “IPAC has not for once condemned or picked holes in Governor Oyetola’s deployment of State fund for campaign. It has nothing to say on multiple awards of same contract by the State government to divert resources for campaign, nor does it care about looting spree ongoing across the ministries ahead of the elections. “At a time a governor is deploying State fund to finance his re-election campaign, IPAC has the time to attack a private citizen who is financing his campaign through families and friends. “Who is committing crime against the State? A private citizen bankrolling his own campaign through legitimate means or a Governor who is on a looting spree for election purposes? IPAC is deaf and dumb on the above due to shameless partisanship. “We have chosen not to react to APC statement on Monday because we know Governor Oyetola is scared of impending defeat, hence his holding unto every straw in the hope of electoral salvation.” While challenging IPAC to tell the public what it did when Bola Ahmed Tinubu boasted that he and Governor Adegboyega Oyetola were richer than Osun State prior to the 2018 guber poll, it maintained that IPAC became deaf and dumb because of its hypocrisy. “Because of political hypocrisy, IPAC was then deaf or dumb only to find its voice when Senator Adeleke legitimately responded to his supporters who are asking about election funding. “Our candidate was right to reassure his agitated supporters that families and friends at home and abroad are providing support for his campaign. He breaks no law and is not dipping hands into the State treasury to finance his election. He only did what every responsible leader will do to inquiring supporters. “Our candidate proceeded on that day to release his five point agenda during which he explained what he plans to do to rejuvenate Osun economy. We advise IPAC to focus on its primary goal and stop serving as a tool for APC, a party already rejected by the people of Osun State,” he said. Responding, the IPAC Deputy Chairman in Osun State, Femi Adesuyi in a statement made available to DAILY POST, stated that the Osun IPAC had never in anyway attacked the PDP nor Ademola Adeleke, its gubernatorial candidate. In the statement jointly signed by Adesuyi and the other executive members of IPAC in Osun, it stated that the attack on Ademola Adeleke, the PDP gubernatorial candidate was not from IPAC but from Wale Adebayo and Tosin Odeyemi, the Chairman and the Secretary whom they have since dissociated from. He claimed that they were both hirelings of the Governor and the ruling party. According to the statement, “The Osun State IPAC will like to dissociate itself from the release made by Wale Adebayo and Tosin Odeyemi, the son of Diran Odeyemi where the duo attacked the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and also tried to accuse them of planning to rig the election. “We like to say that the release has nothing whatsoever to do with IPAC and that the two of them are working for their pay master. IPAC is apolitical and we are not taking side with any political party. The duo will have made the release in the name of their political party. “Their action has demeaned the reputation of the council. “We, therefore, call on IPAC National Secretariat to suspend the two of them with immediate effect before they cause more havoc.”