The former Executive Director of First Bank PLC, Dr. Dauda Lawal Dare has dumped the All Progressive Congress (APC) for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He declared his governorship ambition in Zamfara State on the platform of the PDP. He described the APC-led government both in the State and at the national level as a failure, saying that the APC-led government was tired and faltering. Dare, who was received at the border between Zamfara and Katsina States by his teeming supporters, was later received by the leadership of the party in the State. In his response, the State PDP chairman, Colonel Bala Mande commended him for his boldness to join the party, assuring that everyone both old and new in the party would be treated equally. Mande further stated that the PDP was very much ready to recollect its lost mandate from the APC, both in the State and at the national level. While addressing his followers at his Gusau residence, Dare said that he decided to join the governorship race considering the security and economic challenges bedevilling the entire North-West State. “I joined the race for a rescue mission to salvage the people of the State. I have made a lot of consultations with security and economic experts before I made the decision,” he added. “We all are very much aware that when Zamfara was a Local Government Area under the old Sokoto State, the security organization was better than what we are witnessing now in the State. “It is no longer news that Zamfara is the worst State in the federation considering the insecurity situation and no one can doubt this fact,” he said. The governorship aspirant said that it was a statement of fact that none of Zamfara State indigenes can write WAEC and NECO examinations due to banditry activities ravaging the State. Dare further stressed that the State government closed all public and private schools for more than nine months, forcing innocent students to be roaming the streets aimlessly. “Our farmers can no longer participate in their farming activities because there is no political will to end all these acts,” he lamented.