Amid criticism trailing the candidature of the Central Bank Governor, Godwin Emefiele in the next general elections, Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi has also reacted to alleged interest by former President Goodluck Jonathan in the 2023 presidential race. Umahi, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa Abuja on Tuesday, said if he attempts to run for the coveted office of president, it would most likely be regarded as one of the wonders of the century. According to Umahi, those forcing Jonathan to run for the presidency, may be plotting to embarrass him politically, noting that such ambition does not even align with the programmes of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming general elections. He said, “Jonathan is my father and God used him and the wife to make me a governor of the state and so anybody who has done anything for me, I have always remained very grateful to such person and I will continue to be very grateful to him, especially the wife for being available and my destiny helper, to achieve that feat. “Probably, if that miracle did not take place, then the miracles that happened in Ebonyi State, in terms of total evolution and transformation wouldn’t have taken place. So, he’s a man we can’t forget, just like Sani Abacha, who created the state and Mr. President. Of course, we’ve named the airport after him, we’ve named the light tunnel after him, we’ve named the Presidential Lodge after him. “Good intention that we don’t forget people who have helped us, but on the question of Jonathan joining the race, I may not say much about that because I have seen a lot of write ups, denials, but if he decides to join and to run, it will, for me, become one of the wonders in this century. “My reason is that if you go and see the campaign programs of APC and you now ask President Jonathan to come and run, I don’t know what will be our campaign promises and what will be the stories we’ll be telling Nigerians. I strongly believe that he was not aware of the forms and I want to believe that people that are mischievous would have bought the forms to embarrass him. But from what I read, he has quickly distanced himself from that. But like I said, if that is not the case, then the Guinness Book of Records is not totally filled up”. Umahi, who noted that he was at the Villa to thank President Muhammadu Buhari for paying a-two day visit to the state recently, observed that the agitation for rotational presidency in favour of the south east in 2023 should be considered as a demand for justice, equity and fairness in Nigeria’s sphere of governance.