Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The All Progressives Congress, APC, yesterday, postponed the screening of all the presidential aspirants scheduled to take place today, Monday, May 23 indefinitely. The National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr. Felix Morka, in a statement issued Sunday, said a new date for the screening exercise would be announced by the party. 2. Progress, a contestant in the just concluded Nigerian Idol Season 7 was yesterday declared winner of the game. As the winner, he is expected to walk away with 30 million naira, a brand new SUV, a recording deal and other exciting prices. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Mr. Anamekwe Chukwunyere Nwabuoku to oversee the Office of the Accountant-General of the Federation. Nwabuoku is to take over the position pending the outcome of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, investigation of the suspended AGF, Ahmad Idris. 4. Ahead of the 2023 general election, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the All Progressives Congress (APC) of stoking a political crisis across the country to stall the 2023 elections. A statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, also alleged that the APC wants to use orchestrated insecurity and political uncertainty to derail the electoral process and justify a tenure elongation. 5. A ploy to cater for the health needs of Nigerian citizens, considered to be most vulnerable to health challenges, may see the Federal Government injecting a new tax on phone calls in the country, soon. This is coming despite recent increment by telecommunication companies for the price of their services as a result of harsh economic operating conditions. 6. An Anglican pastor, Venerable Olu Obanla, has been kidnapped alongside his son in Ondo State. A source, who confirmed the development, added that shortly after the abduction, the gunmen demanded N10 million as ransom. 7. The Federal Government has mandated all employers and employees in public, private, and informal sectors to have access to health insurance. This development came when the Federal Government noted that only states with established health insurance schemes and contributory schemes would benefit from the Basic Healthcare Provision Fund. 8. A suspected robber was, on Saturday, beaten to death by an angry mob in the Charanchi Local Government Area of Katsina State. The deceased, along with four other members of the gang, had reportedly robbed a 52-year-old man, Alhaji Usman Abdulmumini, of his Honda car, valued at N2.6m. 9. The Federal government has cancelled all contracts awarded by the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, before December 31, 2019. Also, the government asked the affected contractors, who have been mobilised, to refund all the monies to the NDDC accounts with the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. 10. Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Mohammed, has visited the affected community in Warji Local Government Area of the State to commiserate with them over the recent fracas in which many people were injured and 13 houses burnt by irate youths over alleged blasphemy. He warned against religious crisis in the State.