The All Progressives Congress (APC) has denied adjusting the date of its presidential primary. Recall that there are reports in some sections of the media suggesting that the ruling party has changed the date of its presidential primary from May 30 to May 28. But the party in a statement issued Tuesday by the National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr. Felix Morka described the report as fake. He said: “Our attention has been drawn to a story of purported adjustment to the All Progressives Congress (APC) Timetable/ Schedule of Activities for the 2023 General Elections which is making the rounds on social media. “The story should be disregarded as fake news. The Party’s Timetable/Schedule of Activities for the 2023 elections remains as earlier published: Governorship – Friday, 20th of May, 2022; State House of Assembly – Sunday, 22nd of May, 2022; House of Representatives – Tuesday, 24th of May, 2022; Senate – Wednesday, 25th of May 2022; Presidential – Monday, 30th of May to June 1st, 2022.” The party noted that should an adjustment become necessary, such changes would be communicated via its official communication channels. Meanwhile, the party has inaugurated 37 screening committees to screen House of Assembly aspirants and also to elect the local government and state delegates ahead of the various party primaries. The leadership of the party constituted each committee per state and also for the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Each committee has seven members per state, while the Screening Appeal Committee has five members per state including the FCT. Speaking at the inauguration, the Deputy National Chairman, North, Senator Abubakar Kyari said the screening will be conducted simultaneously alongside the election of local government and state delegates. He said: “Initially we are supposed to have two processes, but we have decided to combine both exercises so that you all can conduct the exercises one after the other or simultaneously if the situation permits. “This is the foundation of all the primaries. We have just conducted the screening of the gubernatorial, senatorial and House of Representatives aspirants. “But the basic foundation is what you people are going to do, which is the election of local government and state delegates. APC, we are in government today simply by championing the call for economic and social change.”