Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has asked the federal government to return to the negotiation table with the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU and other striking labour unions to end the lingering strike action. Atiku said this in a statement on Sunday in commemoration of International workers day, adding that he feels the pains of Nigerian workers over hunger, inflation and insecurity in the country. Part of the statement read, “Dear Nigerian workers, I’ll like you to know that I feel your unbearable pains and pang of hunger, hyperinflation, mass unemployment and insecurity challenges you encounter in your daily lives. “But I want to assure you that there is hope from this socio-economic slope if we remain committed to the process to enthrone One People with One Future and One Country for the good of all.” Atiku warned that the educational system in the country is dying gradually due to lingering strike action by labour union. “I appeal to the federal and state governments to work harder to bring the ASUU and other striking labour unions back to the negotiation table in the interest of the Nigerian youths and the educational system of Nigeria which is dying gradually due to these incessant labour unrests,” he said. Atiku advised workers at all levels and all sectors to adopt a new approach to dispute resolution, industrial relations by pursuing labour-friendly policies and positions which will guarantee improved national productivity. The presidential aspirant assured that there’s hope of a better country and continue in the spirit of patriotism. Atiku expressed concern of salaries being static despite “food scarcity and inflation everywhere. “Children are out of school due to no fault of yours, farmers can’t go to the farm for fear of bandits, traders can’t move freely without being abducted, no energy to power industries and companies are shutting down geometrically; all conspired as a burden on the citizenry. “However, I wish to assure you (workers) that all hope is not lost. You need not be forlorn; the time is ripe to vote out bad governance,” the statement read. ASUU strike began on February 14 over grievances related to the implementation of Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System, IPPIS.