Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) 96th National Executive Committee (NEC) has finally thrown open the contest for the party’s 2023 presidential ticket. PDP’s position was made known during the party’s NEC meeting, Wednesday, in Abuja. 2. Reports have emerged that former President Goodluck Jonathan has finally made up his mind to vie for the top post. Sources revealed that Jonathan, who constantly denied nursing ambition to dump the PDP, has joined the ruling party, APC, in Bayelsa State. 3. Bola Tinubu, an All Progressives Congress, APC, Presidential aspirant, has submitted his Nomination and Expression of Interest forms ahead of the primary elections. Tinubu submitted the forms on Wednesday at the International Conference Centre, Abuja. 4. Former President Goodluck Jonathan has been appointed to the international advisory board of the European Corporate Council on Africa and the Middle East (ECAM Council. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen by his Special Adviser, Ikechukwu Eze, on Wednesday. 5. The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) would commence a 2-week industrial action with effect from Monday, 16th of May 2022. The Academic Staff of the polytechnics disclosed the decision in a statement released after the emergency meeting of the Union’s National Executive Council on Wednesday. 6. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has extended the deadline for the sale of its expression of interest and nomination forms. APC extended the deadline to May 12 2022 and directed that all aspirants who had submitted their forms would be screened on Saturday and Sunday. 7. Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, yesterday, resigned his appointment. Amaechi’s resignation followed President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive that all cabinet members vying for elective offices in the 2023 elections, should resign before May 16. 8. There are strong indications that members of the Federal Executive Council, who have declared their intention to contest the 2023 presidential election, may appear before the APC screening committee with copies of their letters of resignation and acknowledgement. Party sources stated that this might form part of the additional stipulations the aspirants were expected to comply with. 9. Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Enugu Zonal Command, said it has arrested 36 alleged Internet fraudsters in Enugu. Mr Wilson Uwujaren, Head of Media and Publicity of the EFCC, said this in a statement on Wednesday, in Abuja. 10. The Federal Ministry of Niger-Delta Affairs has said it was yet to be notified of the reported resignation of the Minister, Senator Godswill Akpabio. A source in the ministry said this on Wednesday night in response to inquiries about Akpabio’s resignation.