The Oyo State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has advised Mr. Bayo Adelabu and Senator Teslim Folarin to as a matter of fact secure the gubernatorial ticket of their political party before they condemn what Governor Seyi Makinde has done. The party made this disclosure on Thursday. Our correspondent gathered that Makinde, who contested on the platform of PDP, had in 2019 defeated Mr. Adelabu who was the candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) and other candidates of other political parties to win the gubernatorial election. DAILY POST recalls that Adelabu, a former deputy governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) while declaring his gubernatorial ambition, had on Monday said it amounts to waste of resources for Makinde to power the recently installed street lights with diesel-powered generators. Folarin on the other hand while announcing his gubernatorial ambition, said Makinde had failed especially in the area of security. But, PDP in its reaction to the comments made by the two gubernatorial aspirants of APC, advised the duo to secure the ticket of their political party before they condemn what Makinde is doing. PDP in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Akeem Olatunji, cautioned the duo of Adelabu and Folarin against what he described as reckless and unguarded utterances against Makinde. Olatunji in the statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Thursday, described the comments by the duo as mere outbursts of desperate power thirty politicians. He said that Adelabu and Folarin have shown the depth of their political ignorance and naivety. Olatunji while speaking further added that Makinde has become the nightmare of both Adelabu and Folarin. He then advised the duo of Adelabu and Folarin to focus on how to get the APC ticket before they condemn Makinde. Olatunji said, “It is even more amusing that political ignoramus like Adelabu and Folarin have continued to pick the wrong political fight at the wrong time because any informed and sound politician must know that before you even stand a chance to contest an election, you must first have your party’s mandate in your hand. “It is therefore, rather hilarious to note that rather than selling themselves to their party to secure their party ticket they’re busy attacking Seyi Makinde who’s success in less than three years has since been the benchmark for good governance in the whole of Nigeria. “For the sake of political education, Adelabu and Folarin should first secure their party’s mandate or how do we explain a situation where aspirants go to their respective governorship declaration venues to attack a performing governor with sheer falsehood instead of telling the world and their party stakeholders what they have, if any, to offer, different from the unrivaled failure APC recorded for eight requiring total forgiveness from the good people of the state.”