Yobe State Council of the Nigeria Labour Congress, (NLC), has called for the harmonization and upward review of pension in the State. It said some pensioners were still collecting N4,000 monthly. Chairman of the Council, Comrade Muktar Musa Tarbutu made the call while briefing newsman on this year’s May Day celebration in Damaturu. While commending the Yobe State government for its prompt payment of pension and gratuity in the State despite economic challenges, the Chairman described as inadequate the monthly disbursement of N100 million for the payment of pension and gratuity of retirees. He warned that the narrative if not changed could lead to spill over on monthly basis. “The Congress enjoined government to implement the harmonized 33 percent pension increase in the State, as well as upward review of hazard allowances for fire fighters in the State”, Tarbutu appealed. On housing, the Chairman frowned at the way the government workers were ending up homeless after retirement, hence called for the narrative to be changed for effective service delivery. “Let me appreciate the State Government for its efforts in the housing issue in the State, however, government needs to device another way of the distribution process so that civil servants in the state can benefit more. “We urge the government to look at the plights of its workers by providing at least 80 percent of the houses built across the State”, he said. According to Comrade Tarbutu the gesture will not only enhance productivity and commitment in service, but will go a long way in reducing corruption in the system. The Acting Head of Civil Service in the State, Alhaji Garba Bilal who graced the occasion, assured the Union that all vital issued raised would be forwarded to the State Governor for necessary action. He commended the leadership of NLC in the State for maintaining harmonious working relationship between members of the Union and State Government, hence urged them to sustain the tempo for improved productivity.