A leading governorship aspirant in Adamawa State, Abdulrazak Namdas and two others have alleged alteration to an existing delegates list for the coming governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. The governorship aspirants, at a news briefing in Yola, alleged that they had received calls from many delegates complaining that their names had vanished from the list or that there was a plot by vested interests to remove their names. The two other APC governorship aspirants who jointly addressed newsmen at the briefing and expressed the same concern, were a former majority leader in the state House of Assembly, Wafarniyi Theman, and a top businessman, Mustapha Umar. The allegation was, however, countered on Wednesday afternoon by the state executives of the party who said false alarms had been raised but that any such thing that might have occurred would be reversed. Namdas who gave the initial address at the joint briefing of the governorship aspirants had explained that the APC had previously directed that each ward of the state should have five delegates, two of whom must be women. Namdas said while the arrangement to ensure that each ward’s 5-member delegates had two women led to an agreed change in the original ward delegates lists, some politicians had made illegal alterations of their own in some of the 226 wards of the state. He said, “Some delegates are calling us from various places alleging that their names have already been removed. So, we have a challenge already and We are telling the world that this is what some people are trying to do and we will resist it.” On their part, however, both the state executive committee of the APC and the panel for the State Assembly/Special Delegates Conference sent from APC headquarters, Abuja, said the allegations were unreal but that in any case, no funny thing that might have been done would be allowed to stand. Leader of the panel from Abuja, Dr Ahmed Aminu, in a chat with newsmen at the APC Secretariat in Yola Wednesday, promised to maintain neutrality throughout the conduct of the exercise in the state.