The last may not have been heard on the report of the Rivers State Commission of Inquiry set up by Governor, Nyesom Wike as a former governor of the state, Hon Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, claimed that the Friday judgment of the Supreme Court on the matter has vindicated him. Amaechi, one of the leading presidential aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, said that his stance on the report of the commission has been justified by the apex court decision. His position was contained in a statement by the Media Office of the presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC), which reads: “Nigeria’s apex court today ruled on the Appeal filed by Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi against the Rivers State Government on the Justice George Omereji Judicial Commission of Inquiry. “The Supreme Court in dismissing the appeal pronounced that the function of the Judicial Commission of Inquiry was mere investigative, that nobody, neither Amaechi nor anyone else, was on trial before the panel. “The Supreme Court ruling clearly vindicates the former Governor of Rivers State. The apex court was categorical and clear that Amaechi was not on trial. The implication of this is that any indictment from the Commission is null and void and cannot stand. “With this judgment, Amaechi has been vindicated and cleared of all purported or alleged indictment by the Governor Wike’s Commission. “It has been further settled that the decisions/recommendations of the commission of inquiry and subsequent White Paper issued by the State Government is not a conviction or indictment and cannot stand. “From the onset, it was obvious to any discerning mind that the Commission was set up to embarrass, denigrate and humiliate Amaechi. “The apex court’s judgment today further buttressed this stance. A commission purportedly set up to investigate past financial transactions was actually a commission to personally witch-hunt Amaechi,” the statement said. Wike had, shortly after assuming office in 2015 constituted the Justice George Omeregi-led judicial commission of inquiry to probe the alleged sale of state assets by the immediate past administration led by Amaechi. Amaechi challenged the decision of the governor at the High Court of Rivers State in a suit marked: PHC/187/15. In a judgment on August 20, 2015, Justice Simeon Amadi held, among others, that the judicial commission of inquiry was not established to investigate the personal activities of the former governor, but set up to investigate the previous actions of the government as they affect the people of Rivers State. On appeal, the Court of Appeal also expressed a similar view, which was also reflected in the judgment of the Supreme Court on Friday.