President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday tweeted for the first time since Nigeria lifted the ban on Twitter. The Nigerian Government had, in June 2020, imposed a ban on Twitter. The ban followed Twitter’sTwitter’s decision to delete tweets from Buhari. The tweets, which referenced the Nigerian Civil War, threatened to deal with those behind insecurity in the “language they understand”. Giving reasons for the ban, Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture, had said the micro-blogging site was used for activities capable of disrupting the corporate existence of Nigeria. But, in January 2022, the Federal Government lifted the ban imposed on Twitter. However, Buhari took to the platform to share photos of himself observing the Eid-el-Fitr prayer with the Muslim faithful at the Mambila Barracks Parade Ground in Abuja. In a series of tweets in commemoration of Eid-el-Fitr, Buhari spoke about the fight against insurgency. While the fight has been tough and long, victory, Buhari said, is within reach. He tweeted: “After a period of fasting and reflection, this year, we have cause to welcome the occasion in hope. The battle waged against terrorists who falsely masquerade under the name of Islam is approaching its conclusion. “The fight has been long and hard. Final victory is within sight. Boko Haram and its offshoots’ final embers are now fading. Last month, the leader of ISWAP was killed in an airstrike. Since the New Year, thousands of fighters have surrendered. “The territories they used to occupy are now seeing the return of those who were forced to flee their barbarity. Normality is finally beginning to return to the Northeast. It is a long process. Yet it is one we are, together, now embarking upon. “With the designation of bandit groups as terrorists, the challenges of banditry & kidnapping are being tackled differently in the north-west and north-central where the latest military acquisitions and armed forces are being fanned out across the region to thwart acts of terror.”