Nine dead bodies of young school children have been deposited at the Armed Forces Hospital in Kano state, North Central Nigeria following a blast at a private school in Sabon Gari community on Tuesday. Sabon Gari is a community in Kano State, the commercial capital of the northern Nigeria state. According to the National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA, the explosion is suspected to have come from a gas cylinder at a welding shop near the school. However, community members told newsmen that a gas cylinder explosion from a welding shop near the school can not bring down a building so massive as a school in the community. On Wednesday in Kano, the Director of the affected school, Mr. Lennie Ujaja said, they saw the suicide bomber before he detonated. Mr. Ujaja told said it was not a gas cylinder as insinuated but a blast triggered by a human bomb. “We saw him. That is a fact contrary to what the government wants you to believe. Many pupils were killed and more injured. We saw the suicide bomber!” said Lennie Ujaja. Another teacher in the school, Mr. Godspride Timothy said the incident happened shortly after the usual morning Assembly. “I was in the class teaching shortly after the assembly when we heard a large sound. We all ran out and headed to the building and there we saw our young children some already dead. “I am a student of engineering and I know the difference between a gas cylinder explosion and a bomb blast. I don’t know why the security agencies and government would not agree to the truth. I don’t know what they are trying to hide. This is very unfortunate. I think they (government) is only trying to cover up their inability to secure the people and secure the state.” Said Godspride Timothy. Speaking on the explosion, the Kano State Police Commissioner, Mr. Sama’ila Dikko told journalists that contrary to claims by the school and community, the incident was a result of a gas cylinder which exploded from a nearby building. “We have the police EOD, who are experts and they told us it was not a bomb blast as the school or the community wants people to believe.” Said CP Sama’ila Dikko The Commissioner of Police also confirmed that 9 children were killed and a number of them injured.