Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Minister of State for Labour, Employment and Productivity, Chris Nwabueze Ngige has withdrawn from the 2023 presidential race. He stated this in a statement yesterday. 2. Following speculation in some quarters that Senator Mallam Ibrahim Shekarau was planning to join the New Nigeria People’s Party, NNPP, Governor Umar Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State, on Friday, stormed the home of the former governor to stop his defection. 3. Scores of students, on Friday, protested the ongoing industrial action embarked upon by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). The students, who protested at Ibadan and other places, blocked Federal roads as they demand an end to the industrial action. 4. The Zamfara State Police Command has arrested a serving soldier, one Nura Bala with force No 19NA/78/3870, for allegedly trying to sell ammunition to bandits and collaborating with terrorists in the State. 5. Abubakar Malami, Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, has pulled out of the race to succeed Governor Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State. After months of speculations, the Minister had joined the race last month, appealing to the people for support. 6. Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Presidential aspirant of the party, yesterday, tackled those involved in the race with him, saying he does not know why people without track record are running. He spoke while adressing delegates in Niger. 7. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has launched a discreet investigation into the finances of the 18 political parties in the country and their presidential aspirants. This followed the humongous fees paid for expression of interest and nomination forms by aspirants vying for various elective offices in the parties. 8. The Federal Government has expressed optimism that the decisions reached in its three-part meeting with university-based unions would yield fruits next week. The Head, Press and Public Relations in the Ministry of Labour and Employment, Mr Olajide Oshundun, in a statement on Friday, said some agreements had been reached between the government and the unions. 9. The Deputy Speaker of the Kano State House of Assembly, Alhaji Zubairu Massu, has defected from the All Progressives Congress, APC, to the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP. It was gathered that 10 Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and three APC lawmakers also defected to the NNPP. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, yesterday, condemned the killing of a second year student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, Deborah Samuel, following an allegation that she had blasphemed Muhammad (SAW), the Prophet of Islam.