In a world where connectivity, quick and constant interaction is essential and expected, it is not surprising that one of the biggest and most prominent trends in smartphone innovation is fast-charging technology. Added to a growing list of features that consumers desire in a smartphone, the technology that allows for charging in minutes, rather than hours, has emerged as a priority. Having a smartphone that can be charged at record speeds means that consumers are less likely to find themselves being disconnected from family, friends, colleagues and social media. They can, therefore, be in constant contact and communication, needing only a short time to recharge when necessary. With the NOTE 12 VIP smartphone, Infinix is providing consumers with an attainably priced device that not only offers effective, super fast-charging capabilities but also utilizes safe and reliable technology. This NOTE 12 VIP is an example of midrange innovation and encourages the industry-wide provision of reliable hyper-speed charging capabilities in affordable, accessible smartphones. Introducing Infinix’s Note 12 VIP The NOTE 12 VIP smartphone takes the crown as the thinnest 120W fast-charging phone on the market today. To achieve this title, Infinix has invested time and expertise into creating a device that is both efficient and safe, all encased within a sleek aesthetically pleasing design. At just 198 grams and 7.89mm in depth, the device is both lightweight and user-friendly.  The smartphone has a 4500mAh battery which, combined with hyper charging speeds, gives users maximized battery capacity. A 0-100% charge takes just 17 minutes, making the smartphone perfect for those with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle. Battery under the microscope Charging is a process of moving electrons – the higher the speed of charge, the faster the chemical reactions are, as well as generating more heat. This activity can slowly change the physical structure of the battery over time, causing damage. To alleviate this issue, the fast-charging technology in the NOTE 12 VIP takes advantage of dual battery cells, working simultaneously to power the device. This means the current passing through the cells is halved, and therefore produces significantly less heat. The dual charge pump has a conversion efficiency of up to 98.5%, reducing both power and heat waste, helping the NOTE 12 VIP to outperform other models.  The battery was engineered based on extensive research and development, Infinix has incorporated 103 charging and battery protection features into the device to ensure safety and longevity. To address temperature control and heat dissipation, the 120W fast-charger is equipped with 18 temperature sensors distributed across the battery, charging cable and side of the phone, that house an intelligent temperature control system which intelligently adjusts the charging current to help cool the battery when it heats, ensuring the reliability and safety of the device. In addition, the Infinix NOTE 12 VIP is equipped with a 9-Layer Cooling System with graphene and Vapor-Chamber Liquid Cooling to achieve a core temperature reduction of 15 degrees Celsius. The VIP model provides two modes for 120W fast charging, either “hyper charge mode” for speed when needed, or the default mode to maintain a lower charging temperature. In addition, the NOTE 12 VIP uses platinum superconducting material to increase the corrosion resistance of the charging cable and extend the life of the accessory. The combination of these measures has resulted in a charge cycle count of 800 with up to 85% battery capacity retained, alongside helping the phone to pass the TÜV Rheinland Safe Fast-Charge System certification. NOTE 12 VIP users have the luxury of knowing their smartphone is durable and long-lasting, while also harnessing fast-charging technology that is safe and reliable to suit their busy and active lifestyle. The Device in Practice With safety and efficiency at the core, Infinix continues to innovate high-speed charging technology, focused largely on the needs of consumers in emerging markets with development based on precise insight into consumer pinch points. The majority of smartphone users tend to charge their devices overnight while sleeping. In many cases, their phone will continue to charge the battery even after it is fully charged, which can cause damage to the battery and reduce the life of the battery. The charge management system on the NOTE 12 VIP however, will exit the high-voltage charging mode when the battery is fully charged, which turns off the charging function of the battery. This, alongside the 103 safety features on the NOTE 12 VIP, ensure that the temperature during charging is completely reliable, safe and saves energy. Lifestyle impacts Users of the NOTE 12 VIP are afforded more freedom and flexibility than ever, with fast-charging technology that allows them to spend less time static and stationary, and more time on the move, doing what is meaningful to them. This applies to different types of users. For example, busy business people who need the ability to be agile in case of a last-minute trip or meeting can charge their device in the time it takes to send an email or pack a bag back before leaving for the airport.  The NOTE 12 VIP is also suited to those who love gaming. It removes the worry of charging while gaming, which often causes the battery to rise in temperature, or take a long break to re-charge instead. Gamers can play to their heart’s content, while only needing to stop for a short break of ten minutes charge that affords them, for example, six hours playing PUBG continuously or five hours of YouTube streaming, empowering them to do more of what they enjoy. A look at what’s next With the NOTE 12 VIP, Infinix is setting the new industry standard for fast-charging devices in key markets worldwide. This safe, hyper-speed charging system does not negatively affect the longevity and quality of devices. As a result, the bar has been raised for future device development and customer experiences in the midrange market.