The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Sunday declared that it would defeat the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of the group, said IPOB would defeat the Buhari government in the battle started by its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. Powerful made the remark while accusing the Federal Government of sponsoring failed fake news against it. He said the Buhari-led Federal Government should be ashamed of sponsoring fake news against IPOB. Powerful said the decision by the Buhari-led government to confirm IPOB’s proscription, has shown that it’s behind the falsehood. In a statement he signed, Powerful said: “We are the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) movement worldwide ably led by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Our attention has been drawn to the inaccurate and fake news purporting that the United Kingdom, UK, Government has classified IPOB as a terrorist organisation. “We, therefore, wish to clarify that there is no iota of truth in the said malicious fake news planted and being peddled by the enemies of Biafra freedom and independence. Nothing more may be said than the clarification already given by the British High Commission in Abuja, to the effect that the said media report is untrue and should be disregarded. “The curiosity and childish haste with which the Nigerian Government celebrated the said fake news, commending the UK Government for the imaginary but non-existent proscription only confirmed that the Muhammadu Buhari and his Fulani-controlled Federal Government of Nigeria are behind the fake news. “We are calling on the British government to change their minds about continuing to humiliate Biafra, this is not jet age the world is going behind those old systems they used to humiliate Biafra that time stone age has gone and they should understand that Biafrans are human beings and they must benefit from Biafra when the time comes. “Maybe Fulani terrorist government has easily forgotten that the UK is not Nigeria where there is no rule of law and due process. NIGERIA unilaterally proscribed IPOB and designated IPOB terror organisations while freeing and compensating FULANI bandits, the real mass murderers. What hypocrisy. “NIGERIA Government has been sponsoring insecurity and banditry in Biafra land and continue linking it with IPOB in its desperation to demonise IPOB and ESN operatives and present us as terrorist organisation that we are not. Nigeria kills its own citizens like the recent case in Imo State where an Army couple was beheaded after the woman was allegedly raped can you believe this, all in a bid to nail IPOB and justify the likely military invasion of our land. “NIGERIA Government should hide its face in shame for sponsoring a failed International propaganda against IPOB, they have removed their evil celebrations on tweeter. They are using hoodlums to sponsor violence in our land to create the impression that our Leader is leading a criminal organisation but they will keep failing. NIGERIA Government defends FULANI terrorists and bandits. They hardly talk about their atrocities in the media but any time there is little violence in Biafra land they will rush to the media to blame IPOB. “IPOB has been existing long before those criminals trying to blackmail the good work of IPOB in London for a long time. Nigeria media must be objective in their reportage and ensure they investigate news before giving the public wrong information that is not true. We commend the objective media platforms and enjoin others to emulate them and resist any attempt by Government to be used as a propaganda tool. “IPOB is a peaceful and nonviolent movement seeking to free Indigenous Nigerians from the bondage Fulani put every tribe in Nigeria not terrorist activities in Nigeria. “Nigeria government shame on you, IPOB must win this battle with you that our great leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU started and show us the way to move forward to the free land. We advise Biafrans to be resilient and pursue our freedom with determination because Biafra must come in our time. We have gone far and cannot stop midway.”