The national leadership of the youth wing of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has invited Presidential aspirants on the party’s platform to a town hall meeting. The ruling party’s youths want the aspirants, numbering over 20 to tell the Nigerian youths what they have to offer ahead of the party’s primaries. The committee set up for the town hall will be co-chaired by Mr Sanusi Ohiare, the Executive Director of the Rural Electrification Fund This was contained in a statement released on Wednesday in Abuja by the APC national youth leader, Dayo Israel. In a statement titled, “What do you have for us?” the ruling party’s youth wing said it has become important for the aspirants to converge in Abuja on Friday 27th and Saturday 28th May 2022 to acquaint them [the youths] of the plans for the young people in the ruling party. Among the presidential aspirants on the APC platform are the national leader of the party, Bola Ahmed Tinubu; former River State Governor and ex-Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Amaechi; Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo; former Minister of Niger Delta, Godswill Akpabio; former Minister of Education for State, Emeka Nwajiuba; former Senate President, Ken Nnamani; Governor of Kogi State, Yahaya Bello; former National Chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. Others are former Governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha; former Minister of Science, Technology and Innovation, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu; former Ogun state governor, Sen. Ibikunle Amosu; Pastor Tunde Bakare; Cross River State governor, Prof. Ben Ayade; Ebonyi State Governor Dave Umahi, Ekiti State governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi; Jigawa governor Mohammed Badaru Abubakar and former Zamfara State governor, Sen. Ahmed Yerima. Also on the list of presidential aspirants are Senator Ajayi Borroffice; the only female aspirant, Barr. (Mrs) Uju Kennedy Ohnenye; Pastor Nicholas Felix Nwagbo; former Speaker of Representative, Hon. Dimeji Bankole; Senate President, Dr. Ahmed Lawan; former Bayelsa State Governor Chief Timipre Sylva; former Minister of Information, Chief Ikeobasi Mokelu and Mr Tein Jack Rich. The APC youths said the time has come for the wing to mainstream and prioritize the interest of the progressive youths and by extension, the Nigerian youth.