Dotun Babayemi, the factional gubernatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has settled his rift with Senator Ademola Adeleke, the INEC recognised PDP gubernatorial candidate in the 2022 Osun gubernatorial election. In a statement made available by Olawale Rasheed on behalf of Senator Adeleke after the peace meeting held on Sunday, it was revealed that the move was in line with Adeleke’s philosophy of brotherhood and partnership for all in the interest of the Osun people. The meeting which was brokered by the national leadership of the party, it was gathered was aimed at seeking a united front for the PDP to ensure a landslide victory for the PDP in the guber poll. Adeleke who declared that he was in support of inclusive efforts geared towards electoral victory for the party stressed that defeating the APC was the most important task before all the party leaders. In his words, “I support an all-inclusive effort towards electoral victory. “To this end, I welcome my colleagues who may be aggrieved for one reason or the other. As I always reiterated, we are not enemies but the same political family with a common political enemy. Defeating the APC is therefore the most important task before all leaders of PDP for now. “As our national chairman always noted, Osun is a gateway to PDP victory at 2023. Our victory in Osun is the much-needed energy for the party to win national elections. We are therefore calling on all our leaders to forget the bickering of the past and join hands to record success in July.” Meanwhile, Kayode Oladeji, the Media Director for the Babayemi Campaign Organisation disclosed that the meeting had nothing to do with the disagreement over the gubernatorial primary of the party. But when contacted for more clarification on the meeting, the Director of Media, Omooba Dotun Babayemi Campaign Organisation, Kayode Oladeji, said the meeting had nothing to do with the disagreement over the governorship primary of the party. Oladeji maintained that the meeting was for the reconciliation of the party as a whole and for any gubernatorial matter. According to him, “The committee met with the two factions over the forthcoming presidential primary. “There is a delegate election coming up on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday for the presidential primary. The meeting agreed on the national delegates. The two groups divided the Osun slots, instead of going for primary they have both agreed. It is the court that will decide on the Osun State governorship primary, it is not true that one person has stepped down for another.” Recall that in the run-up to the gubernatorial election in Osun State, Babayemi despite the recognition of Senator Adeleke as the PDP gubernatorial candidate by INEC still claimed to be the authentic candidate. Also, Adeleke despite the INEC recognition has been facing court suits instituted to challenge his candidature. Dotun Babayemi emerged as the factional PDP gubernatorial candidate during the March 9, 2022, gubernatorial primary led by the Wale Ojo Osun PDP faction held at WOCDIF Centre, Osogbo. Also, the Sunday Bisi led faction produced Senator Ademola Adeleke as a candidate in the primary held at Osogbo City Stadium on the same date. Since the conclusion of the primary, the Osun PDP has been experiencing disunity among party leaders and members loyal to Dotun Babayemi.