As the socio-political atmosphere becomes charged ahead of the 2023 general elections, an Imo born political stalwart, Engr. Augustine Okere on Saturday expressed concern over the consequences of not zoning the Presidency to the Southeast. He said the Igbos have done everything in the country to prove their love, regard and acceptance of their brothers from various tribes and ethnicity but if the rest of Nigeria keeps making them believe they cannot hold any sensitive position in the country, then it is courting for trouble.” Okere made the disclosure while fielding questions from DAILY POST on the forthcoming presidential primary elections in Owerri, Imo State. While calling on every political party to field Igbo Presidential candidates for the 2023 election, Okere said, ” National cohesion and unity has long been torn into shreds as nothing shows that we are one nation, except the use of government instruments of coercion. Projecting what the election heralds for the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, he said Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State is likely to clinch the presidential ticket of the party because he has built PDP’s structures, driven it to where it is and understands the terrain well. But Okere was fast to say the only factor that may disrupt him is if the All Progressives Congress give Dr. Ogbonnaya Onu the ticket as its Standard Bearer”. Speaking on the chances of the APC, Okere said, “To revamp the economy, if Ogbonnaya Onu gets the mantle of leadership to govern Nigeria, his knowledge in the diplomacy of science and technology will help in the Education system, agricultural sector and above all our productive sector; these are the areas that will turn around Nigeria’s failed economy”. On the PDP side, Okere maintained that the Rivers State Governor made tremendous inputs in what is standing as the PDP, adding that the party faithful with conscience, will readily reward him with the presidential ticket. On the chances of Peter Obi, the technocrat said “Obi will make a good president but I have reservations on his capacity to curb Nigeria’s eternal security challenges. Peter Obi is the man whose time has come but it will be a bit disappointing if all the followership and blaze is all about playing a second fiddle.