Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has stated that unless Nigeria brings in a European-born judge with a special waiver to entertain the case instituted by President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration against the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, and its leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, it is impracticable for any Nigeria-based judge to deliver justice and fairness to the Prisoner of Conscience. HURIWA said this following the refusal of the bail application filed by the detained leader of the IPOB leader, describing the court’s decision as a predictable outcome but nevertheless tragic in dimensions. It said the current administration has committed colossal funds and human resources including alleged bribery of foreign governments and organisations to adopt adversarial positions against Kanu and IPOB. It said locally, the government has succeeded in using divide and rule tactics to brainwash the hoi-polloi in the Moslem North to perceive IPOB or Ndigbo as enemies of the Fulanis so it will take either a European judge or an unusual judicial miracle for Kanu to obtain fair hearing as provided for in a plethora of Constitutional provisions. HURIWA said the massive media propaganda by the government against Mazi Nnamdi Kanu including the deployment of Hausa services of international radio stations to paint Nnamdi Kanu as a hater of Fulanis will make it difficult for any judge wishing to be elevated to grant fairness to the defendants. The group argued that “it is only someone apparently hibernating somewhere in the outer space that doesn’t know that Kanu could have been assassinated by invading armed security forces that flooded his father’s house not long ago whereby he was spending time on bail. “It is therefore preposterous for anyone talkless a very learned jurist to begin to demand an explanation from a man who ran for his dear life why he never stayed back so he is gunned down so as to continue to enjoy bail. “Is it not the living that enjoys Court’s bail and if Nnamdi Kanu did not find a way of escaping from the massive scale of military attacks and he died in the process of the unprovoked attacks, will Justice Nyako then go to Heaven to find out how the man is enjoying the ‘bail’?” The group queried in a statement signed by Emmanuel Onwubiko, its National Coordinator. The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja had today Wednesday rejected the bail application filed by Kanu. The rights group appealed to the Chief Justice of Nigeria to work out a modality to grant a waiver to a judge from the European Court of human rights to adjudicate inside of Nigeria on the matter between Buhari’s administration and IPOB and Kanu if justice is what everyone is after. The rights group said the “Nation’s judicial system is hijacked by the Executive arm of government beginning from even how the President masterminded the illegal removal of the then substantive Chief justice of Nigeria in favour of the current holder who is also a kinsman of Buhari. “