An Ekiti State Chief Magistrate Court, sitting in Ado Ekiti has sentenced a 22-year-old Usman Jimoh to 5 years imprisonment without the option of a fine for offences of breaking and stealing. The charge reads, ”that you Usman Jimoh on 6/5/2022 around 3:30pm at Ado Ekiti, did break into dwelling houses of Olokesusi Gbenga and Omojola Mayowa and stole Electric Cable Wire valued at N600,000 property of Olokesusi Gbenga. ”Also on the same date and place did steal another Electric Cable Wire, valued at #700,000 property of Omojola Mayowa, contrary to and punishable under section 322 (a) and 302 (1)(a) of the Criminal Laws of Ekiti State 2021”. After reading and interpreting the charge to the convict, he pleaded guilty to the three charges and confessed to having committed the offences. According to the Police Prosecutor, Inspector Elijah Adejare told the court that the convict and others at large broke into the complaints houses at the Ilokun area of Ado Ekiti and stole the items earlier mentioned, adding that the matter was reported to the Police and he was later arrested. Adejare tendered the complainants and defendant statements, the recovered cable wires among others as exhibits while the convict spoke through his counsel Paul Ayantoyinbo and called no witnesses, “I leave the matter for the court to exercise its discretion” Ayantoyinbo said. In his Judgment, Magistrate Tomiwa Daramola said, ”this court notes that the convict was earlier released by this court in another charge against him on 20/4/2022 when the charge was struck out for want of diligent prosecution and seriously warned him to be of good behaviour, only for him to be brought back barely two weeks after he was discharged by this court. It shows the defendant is a serial offender who is not worthy to be allowed to keep roaming the streets. “ Having pleaded guilty to the commission of the offences and as stated in the fact of the case by the prosecutor which was admitted by the defendant, he is hereby convicted as charged.” The defendant is hereby sentenced as follows; 3 years imprisonment in court one, 1-year imprisonment in court two and 1-year imprisonment in court 3, all Imprisonments are without options of fine while the terms are to run concurrently. He concluded.