As political parties go into primary elections, apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has again begged the two major political parties to place the country’s interest above nepotism. This was contained in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday by Ohanaeze Secretary-General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro. He said it was incumbent upon the All Progressives Congress, APC, and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, delegates to save the country from imminent disintegration by ensuring the actualization of a Nigeria President of Igbo extraction. The group, while wondering how the Northern part of the country would produce the two major parties’ national chairmen and at the same time their presidential candidates, said Ndigbo were being pushed to the wall. Isiguzoro maintained that “the Nigerian President of Igbo stock from the seven Igbo speaking States, including Anioma ( in Delta,) and Ikwerre (in Rivers) will halt the disintegration threats to Nigeria’s corporate existence and unity beyond 2023.” “Another northern presidency after President Buhari in 2023 will be Nigeria’s doom and a reinforcement of the secessionist campaign. “We ought to have learnt from President Buhari’s failure to end the Boko Haram and bandits’ terrorism in the North,” he cautioned. He urged the APC and the PDP national delegates “to jettison money politics and put Nigeria’s unity first by voting for any of Rt Hon. Chibuike Amaechi (Ikwerre, Rivers) and Gov. David Umahi (South-East) in APC and Gov Nyesom Wike (Ikwerre Rivers) and Peter Obi (South-East) in PDP. “Never in the history of our country has a particular region produced a Presidential candidate and the National Chairman of the party at the same time. “It will be absolutely unacceptable for the PDP National Chair, Dr. Ayu and APC’s Senator Adamu to plot for Northern Presidential candidates. This will spell doom for Nigeria, as there will be election boycotts in the South-East “. “This is the last deciding chance to preserve and defend Nigeria’s unity and peace. “APC and PDP National delegates should place patriotism above nepotism, and save democracy. “We acknowledged the Afenifere and Niger Delta’s support for the 2023 Igbo Presidency. “As for those who are working to scuttle the Igbo agenda for 2023, they will reap anarchy, particularly the Igbo paid agents. “We have not forgotten Igbo saboteurs that betrayed Dr. Alex Ekwueme in Jos 1998 PDP convention; such people will reap what they are sowing,” he further stated.