Crisis is currently brewing in the Imo State Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, over the party’s 3-man ad-hoc delegates ward congress. DAILY POST correspondent, who monitored the exercise in the State, on Saturday, gathered that members of the party adopted consensus candidates in some local government areas and voted in others. During a visit to the State Party Secretariat, located at Okigwe road, our correspondent observed that some youths of the party had stormed the Secretariat alleging that congress result sheets had been hijacked by the party’s National Secretary, Senator Samuel Anyanwu. Speaking with our correspondent, some aggrieved youths, led by Onyedika Nwosu, a PDP LGA youth leader, said the reason for the confusion was that a panel came from Abuja without result sheets. The youths said, “by the time the panel arrived, Congresses had been concluded in the wards, in line with the party guideline, which states that wherever there is disagreement, there should be proper voting. Wards where people could not harmonize and produce three names actually voted. “In the wards where people actually agreed, they did it through consensus and produced three names, in line with the guideline to be signed by the ward secretary, and the chairman. “But the PDP concluded this process and the team from Abuja did not come with result sheets and they alleged that the result sheets were snatched from them by Senator Sam Anyanwu in Abuja. “As we speak, the youths have apprehended the panel members headed by one Mr. Udensi and four others, one of whom is a woman.” He added that, “if the panel doesn’t provide the result sheets, they can’t leave the State. It’s just like the Gulak experience, because if they leave now, they are going to produce a result already written in Abuja.” When contacted on phone, Mr. Collins Opurozor, the Director-General, New Media of the PDP, Imo State, said “yes we have conducted our party congresses but the team from Abuja did not come with result sheets. There is pandemonium and siege at the party secretariat as I am talking to you now.” Reacting to the allegation, Anyanwu said the claim was entirely false and replete with gross untruths aimed at misleading the public against the unbiased efforts of the committee members delegated to conduct the exercise. Anyanwu, who spoke through his Special Adviser (Media), Mr Ikenna Onuoha, said the public is most sincerely urged to disregard this story, as it remains an orchestrated ploy to blackmail a hardworking PDP National scribe.