Governor of Bauchi State, Mohammed Bala has described the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC’s administration led by President Muhammadu Buhari as an aberration. Bala alleged that the federal government led by Buhari is a regime of nepotism, discrimination, bad governance and corruption at its highest level. The Presidential aspirant made the assertions while speaking with journalists in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi State during his consultation visit to the stakeholders of PDP in the state. According to him: “We lost an election in 2015 because the democracy and voting are in the North and they have been debriefed in terms of nationalism. We are all complaining, we are complaining in the North. I am not in APC, I am in PDP. “The APC administration is an aberration, is an obstruction to me. We would have continued but we didn’t. Then we have 16 years of PDP. It was only the years Nigerians knew that there was democracy during Obasanjo and Jonathan. Yes, what happens in this regime is nepotism, corruption, discrimination, bad governance, and corruption at its highest level. “The North did 2 years out of this 16 years in PDP, the South did 14 years but that does not matter. We are proud of the legacies and landmarks led by the Southern leaders who ruled under the PDP but we are not with the current situation and that is how you develop nationalism. He stressed that the zoning arrangement of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the country was the act of God; “The zoning and whatever and rotation were repudiated by the act of God in 2010 and we had to accept this. Starting afresh is the last option we have as a country and that is why in the wisdom of the party, everything is opened up not to shortchange anybody. “I believe in the capacity of Nigerians from all spheres of life from all parts of the country. We are coming back to take back power. We have so many candidates in the PDP and we are all eminently qualified but the takeaway that brought me to Ebonyi is for you to know me, the opportunity to know the country and for you to see me and hear me” he stated.