The coalition of All Progressives Congress Support Groups in Sokoto State has called for the total cancellation of the governorship primaries held in Sokoto state and the conduct of a new poll. In a press briefing in Sokoto on Tuesday, the coalition which spoke through its Chairman, Isah Jabi and Secretary, Bashar Binji disagreed with the results of the governorship primaries, alleging that it was pre-arranged by some group of party leaders in the state. The group promised to challenge in the Court of law, the results of the outcome of the primaries if the leadership of the political party does not ensure a fresh and credible primary takes place in the state. The group noted that they have been compelled to address the press conference following the recent governorship primaries of the All Progressives Congress in Sokoto State which cannot be said to be credible and transparent. The group claimed, “For as far as we are concerned, the process wasn’t only a rape on democracy, but also a complete charade orchestrated by enemies of democracy to achieve their selfish goals in a desperate attempt to impose an unwanted candidate against the wishes of the popular masses.” The group said it wished to categorically point out that ”the primary election of Thursday, 26 May 2022, was from its onset “a monumental manipulation” by some party leaders in the state to favour the candidature of a certain aspirant by using personal security details and thugs loyal to a particular party leader to intimidate delegates to vote for their preferred aspirant, saying that while delegates who appeared not to be dancing to their tune were chased and assaulted out of the venue and even the other three gubernatorial aspirants were only lucky to have escaped after being attacked by political thugs, to the adoration of the state party leaders. The statement said the venue of the primaries was initially set to frustrate the comfort of delegates to give way for a corrupt exercise, adding that the state APC secretariat was deliberately fixed for the election process knowing that it lacks space and security for the conduct of a successful election, and very unsuitable for such activity. The group explained that its suspicions were later confirmed when officials conducting the election intentionally switched off power while delegates were casting votes in the middle of the night and left the venue in total darkness for a very long period of time. ”Based on its findings, the APC Support Groups disagreed in totality with the outcome of the exercise while insisting that it must be cancelled for the interest of justice and fair play”. It called on the APC National Chairman, the APC National Working Committee, and all relevant authorities to declare the APC gubernatorial primaries held in Sokoto as illegal, null and void, and ensure justice to avoid the possibility of repeating the mistake of 2019.