The Ansaru terrorists’ group, a splinter of the dreaded Boko Haram terrorists, has commenced recruitment across communities in Birnin-Gwari Local government Area of Kaduna State. DAILY POST was informed on Friday that members of the Ansaru group, in their bid to lure residents, mostly young people into their deadly group, decided to provide Sallah gifts to residents of communities in Birnin Gwari. The group, believed to have been operating for years, along Birnin-Gwari axis, is responsible for many deadly attacks in Kaduna and its environs. A resident of one of the communities in Birnin-Gwari, Alhaji Usman Dankabo told DAILY POST that members of the Ansaru group visited the following villages: Damari, Farin Ruwa, Kwasa Kwasa, Kuyello, Gobirawa, Tabanni, Kutemeshi and Kazage, persuading members of the communities to join the group. “They distributed gifts, preached to them, and assured them of safety against any attack,” the source said. A resident of one of the villages, Abdullahi Madaki said they distributed biscuits, performed motorcycle stunts to the delight of villagers and distributed pamphlets, flash disks and other accessories on the activities of the group. Abdullahi said the group vowed to protect them against any invasion and unjust maltreatment. The group had a violent clash with bandits in October 2021, which claimed the lives of over 30 bandits operating around the Damari axis, Birnin Gwari LGA. Suspected members of the group also last year attacked a military formation along the Kaduna-Birnin Gwari highway and killed 11 soldiers, four villagers and injured many others. They reportedly claimed responsibility for the bombing of two Armoured Personnel Carriers (APC), attached to the security personnel. They were also said to be responsible for attack on Kaduna-Abuja train that claimed the lives of eight, wounded 26, while scores were abducted The Kaduna Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalige did not pick his calls for confirmation, just as he did not respond to text messages sent to him.