The Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi, has a few days before the primaries of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, appointed five old members of the party as commissioners. DAILY POST gathered that the appointment came barely days after the old members of APC in Ebonyi State petitioned the national leadership of the party over alleged marginalization and exclusion by the governor. Recall that Umahi defected from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, where he won the election in 2015 and 2019 as governor and moved to the ruling APC in 2020. But, the old members of APC had alleged that the new members who defected with the governor hijacked the party and they are not being carried along in the affairs of the state. It was gathered that the appointees; Mathias Adum, Celestine Nwokpuru, Nwali Romanus Nwasum, Chris Uchaji and Beatrice Eze who are commissioner designates are loyalists of the former Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief Martin Elechi. Investigation revealed that the appointment by Umahi was to douse tension that was created by the members of APC in the state, especially as the forthcoming general election approaches. A statement signed and made available to journalists in Abakaliki, by the press secretary to Ebonyi speaker, Leo Ekene Oketa, said: “the governor of Ebonyi State has forwarded to Ebonyi State House of Assembly, his list of nominees for appointment as Commissioners; Mathias Adum, Celestine Nwokpuru Nwali, Romanus Nwasum, Chris Uchaji, and Beatrice Eze. “The nominees are invited to appear before the Ebonyi State House of Assembly for screening and possible confirmation. “The nominees are to submit their curriculum vitae, photocopies of their relevant credentials and tax clearance certificates with evidence of payments of their property taxes, in 31 file copies, to the office of the Clerk of the House.” Meanwhile, others appointed by the governor, as the development centre coordinators include; Justice Ogbonnaya (Akaeze D.C), Apostle Peter Uduma (Ubeyi DC), Sunday Agwu (Ishielu DC), Felix Ogbu Aniocha (Onicha DC), Chukwudi Pascal Obia (IZZI DC), Oliver Mbam (Omenyi DC) and Agbo Euchari Ngbo (Central DC).