The Speaker, Kwara State House of Assembly, Engr. Yakubu Danladi-Salihu, was Thursday returned unopposed to fly the flag of the All Progressives Congress, APC for Ilesha/Gwanara state constituency in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. Ten other serving members of the House were also lucky to secure tickets for re-election in 2023. The APC Returning Officer for Ilesha/Gwanara Constituency, Zakariyau Qazeem Yusuf, while declaring the result of the election, explained that five delegates from each of the six wards in the constituency totaling 30 unanimously affirmed Engr. Danladi-Salihu as their candidate for the 2023 general elections. In his acceptance speech, the Speaker thanked his constituents for always standing by him and commended the party, INEC, and security agents for the peaceful arrangement and conduct of the process. The representative of INEC who monitored the exercise, Mr. Danlami G. Zakka, described the process as “transparent, peaceful, and successful”. However, only about ten of the 19 members of the State House of Assembly on Thursday got the nod to seek re-election in the 2023 general elections as confirmed by the state chairman of the party, Prince Sunday Fagbemi. DAILY POST reports that out of the 24 members of the House, four chose to contest for the House of Representatives, while another member, Adam Rufai, from Patigi, was knocked out by zoning arrangement. Nineteen others contested for re-election on the platform of the APC but only nine have won at the primaries. Informed sources revealed that some of the members voluntarily withdrew, while others were defeated at the primary elections. Among serving members who secured re-election are the Speaker, Engr Yakubu Danladi Salihu, (Ilesha/Gwanara), Hon. AGF Salahudeen (Omupo), Hon Ojo Olayiwola (Oke-Ogun), and Hon Magaji Olawoyin, (Ilorin Central). Also on the list for re-election are Mohammed Danbaba (Kaiama/Kamanji/Wajibe), Mohammed Baba Salihu (Okuta/Yashikira), Gbenga Yusuf (Eesa/Shawo/Igoidun) and Ganiyu Abolarin Gabriel (Ekiti). While the speaker was declared unopposed, Salaudeen scored 38 votes to beat two of his rivals, Wale Oyinloye and Arch. Luqman Abubakar who both scored a vote each. In Ilorin East, another member, Ali Amuda Jimoh, was defeated by Hajia Arinola, former Commissioner for Enterprise, and daughter of late governor Mohammed Alabi Lawal by 47 to 13 votes. Also, a member from Irepodun local government area, Tayo Awodiji lost to Olatunde Jare at the primary election. DAILY POST gathered that the fate of some lawmakers also seeking re-election remains unknown as party primary elections in their various constituencies were either marred or ended in stalemate.