The Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, on Tuesday expressed disappointment over the alleged reckless and unguided statement by the former Niger Delta Militant leader, Asari Dokubo against the interest and position of Ndigbo in Nigeria. The group, in a statement signed by the National Director of Information of MASSOB, Edeson Samuel and made available to newsmen in Abakaliki, cautioned Asari Dokubo to desist from working against the interest of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. MASSOB noted further that any attack against the leadership of Ohaneze Ndigbo, especially as it concerns the release of Nnamdi Kanu, is against the entire Igbo land. The group equally condemned in totality the disrespectful outburst of Asari Dokubo against an Igbo statesman and former governor of Anambra State, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife on his good position on Igbo interest in Nigeria. The statement reads in part: “We demand an apology from Asari Dokubo to the former governor of Anambra State, His Excellency Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife for the insults he meted on him. “MASSOB wish to make it clear that an insult to any Igbo leader is an insult to the entire Igbo nation. Asari Dokubo should know that he has betrayed the people of Biafra just like his elder brother, Isaac Adaka Boro did before and during the Biafra Nigeria civil war. “Whenever General Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu finished his meeting with leaders of Eastern region of then Nigeria, Isaac Adaka Boro will travel in the night to Lagos just to relay every discussion he had with Ojukwu to Yakubu Gowon. “If Asari Dokubo has a father or an elder in his family he wouldn’t have insulted an elder statesman like Chief Ezeife. What is wrong if Ezeife supports Nnamdi Kanu? MASSOB alleged that Asari Dokubo allowed himself to be used in criminal activities of “blowing up oil pipelines, killing security agents and foreign workers in Niger Delta, were they not supported by their leaders, it was the support of their leaders that made the then government negotiate with them” the group stated.