The gubernatorial candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Senator Teslim Kolawole Folarin has declared that he did not send hired killers to assassinate Hon. Shina Abiola Peller. Folarin made this disclosure via a statement made available to DAILY POST on Monday. Our correspondent recalls that Folarin who represents Oyo Central senatorial district was on Friday, declared as the APC candidate ahead of 2023 elections in the state. DAILY POST gathered that Peller is currently representing Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Iwajowa/Kajola federal constituency in the House of Representatives. It was gathered that Peller, had in a video clip alleged that Folarin sent hired killers to assassinate him. Folarin has, however, said that he did not send hired killers to assassinate Mr. Peller. Folarin, in a statement he personally signed and made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Monday, said that he is not an assassin. He added that he does not operate a death squad, therefore he could not have sent hired killers after Peller or anyone. Folarin while speaking further, urged the security agencies to investigate the matter. He said that he do not have any anointed aspirant for APC in Oyo North senatorial district. The APC gubernatorial candidate who spoke further insisted that he has zero tolerance for libel and slander. He concluded that he has instructed his legal team to take up the defamation of his character by Peller. Folarin in the statement said, “It is highly condemnable for Hon. Shina Peller to publicly allege that I sent hired killers after him without stating a reason why I should want to do so. “Hon. Shina Peller’s very serious allegation against my person is unacceptable and must be verified by the security agencies. It is very unfair that Shina Peller is being used to malign me in order to score cheap political points. He is engaging in a campaign of calumny just because he wants to deputise Governor Makinde in the 2023 elections”. “While I am urging the public to disregard the false allegation, I urge the law enforcement agencies to immediately investigate the serious allegation against my person with a view to letting the world know what transpired between him and the people he claimed to have personally arrested. Nigerians deserve to know the truth!” “I have zero tolerance for libel and slander. Therefore, I have instructed my legal team to take up the defamation of my character by Hon. Shina Peller”.