Ex-military Governor of Gombe State, Group Capt. Joe Orji (Rtd.) has reacted to his reported expulsion from the All Progressives Congress, APC, by the Enugu State chapter of the party. DAILY POST had reported that the Ugo Agballa-led APC in Enugu State, last week, announced the expulsion of the former governor, among other members. But in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, Orji said Agballa was “merely perfecting the clandestine assignment he entered with the opposition PDP against the APC, which is targeted at ensuring that the APC is further disintegrated and unable to win any election in the State come 2023.” He alleged that Agballa was not yet a member of the APC and lacked the locus to expel any member. To justify his claims, he said, “You will recall that the said Agballah approached the party secretariat in Enugu State sometime in end of July 2021, four (4) months after the close of the membership registration of the party, indicating his interest in becoming a member of the party. “You will also recall that the then Party Chairman, Dr. Ben Nwoye categorically reminded Chief Agballah that the party has closed its membership registration and that he can only become a full member of the party when the ban on registration is further lifted in line with the APC Constitution. “Consequently, Chief Agballah informed the teeming members of the party at the said State Secretariat that he would be going to his ward to register with the party when the said restriction on membership registration is lifted. “It was shocking to all when the said Agballah procured a forged party membership registration slip purporting to have registered in the party in February, 2021. The Police is presently investigating the case of forgery against Chief Agballah. “It became a shocker how the said Agballah, who is not a registered member of the party, with the aid of some enemies of the party, declared himself as Enugu State Chairman of the APC at a purported State Congress held at an unrecognized venue.” He added that “the APC is guided by a constitution and which every member is bound to obey.” Orji maintained that “Agballa’s reckless action has proven that he was planted in the party to have it destroyed and finally buried in Enugu State.” He said it was shocking that “at this time that every other party is mobilizing their members to organize primaries and prepare for the electioneering campaign, Agballah is busy looking for who to expel which is targeted at weakening the APC in Enugu State. “It will be recalled that many States do not have people in the National Caucus of the party, but Agballah had the temerity to expel my humble self, a member of the National Caucus of APC. “Agballah who is falsely parading himself as a Chairman and member of the party purportedly expelled me and the foundation members and pillars of the party like the celebrated former State Chairman of the party, Dr Ben Nwoye, Barr. Chukwudi Igwe, Chief Obodoeze Ocho and others for the sole purpose of deepening the crisis rocking the party in Enugu State and further have the party disintegrated for the benefit of the PDP in Enugu State. “These were the people who labored under the sun and the rain to nurture the party to the present attractive State that Agballah who is widely recognised as a political traveler, a pathological gold digger, had to leave his inconsequential role in the PDP in search of a hatchet job in APC,” he further stated. He called for the implementation of an earlier report by the present National Chairman of APC, Senator Abdulahi Adamu, on the crisis rocking the party in Enugu State. “It has been our position that the said report should be implemented in order to bring a lasting peace in APC, Enugu State. But Agballah, in connivance with the enemies of the party in the State, has been working fruitlessly to see that the said report does not see the light of the day,” he said. Orji concluded that “Agballa will soon be shown the way out of the APC so that the real owners of the party will take over what rightly belongs to them.” He maintained that the said expulsion had no ground in the APC Constitution and should be disregarded.