Some aspirants jostling to contest the House of Representatives seat in Ibadan North East/ Ibadan South East federal constituency on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have appealed to governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State to provide level playing ground for all aspirants to partake in the primary election of the party. The aspirants also urged leaders of the party to conduct the primary election in accordance with law, so that the party can win the forthcoming general elections. Our correspondent gathered that the primary election of the party has been slated to hold on May 12th this year. It was gathered that the consensus arrangement in the federal constituency had failed. This made members of the party to call for primary election in order to pick the candidate. The aspirants, who are contesting on the platform of PDP have, however, advised that the governor should provide an enabling environment and level playing ground for all the aspirants to take part in the primary election. The aspirants among whom are Hon. Deji Aboderin, Hon. Kazeem Olasupo Abidikugu and Hon. Niyi Aborisade, explained that the primary election would foster unity among the candidates. The aspirants in a communique issued at the end of their meeting, said that they had already been screened. They then appealed to the governor not to intervene in the forthcoming primary election. The aspirants in the communique made available to DAILY POST on Monday in Ibadan, insisted that they would support any candidate that emerges as winner of the primary. They said, “The following three aspirants that have been screened and issued with provisional certificates to contest the primary election under our party PDP would declare as follows: It is in the best interest of our party to opt for an indirect primary for the Ibadan North East and South East Constituency . “That our amiable Governor, His Excellency, Engineer Seyi Makinde should provide an enabling environment and level playing ground for all the aspirants to take part in the Primary election of 12 May 2022. “That we promise our 100 percent loyalty to the party and to His Excellency, Engineer Seyi Makinde and we would support any candidate that emerges as winner of the primary. “That conducting the primary election is in accordance with the law and fits in a democratic society. It will foster unity among the candidates and strengthen our party in preparation for the General election of 2023”.