Security operatives among whom are men of the Department of State Service, Nigeria Police Force, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and other security personnel have been stationed at some strategic locations at Obafemi Awolowo Stadium, Oke-Ado, Ibadan, DAILY POST reports. The security operatives were detailed to man the All Progressives Congress (APC) gubernatorial primary taking place at the stadium today. Our correspondent recalls that the primary election was to be held yesterday, Thursday, but was postponed to Friday. Following the resumption of the primaries, security operatives have been stationed in and outside the stadium in order to ensure a hitch-free primary election. Our correspondent report that coaster buses and 18-seater buses procured by the party to move the delegates from the venue of accreditation to the venue of the primary have been moving the delegates in batches. Five delegates each from the 365 electoral wards in the state are expected to vote in the primary election taking place today. DAILY POST reports that the delegates of Oyo central which has eleven local government areas including Atiba, AFIJIO, Oyo East, Oyo West, Egbeda, Lagelu, Ona Ara, Oluyole, Ogo Oluwa and Surulere have been moved to the stadium, venue of the primary. DAILY POST recalls that seven aspirants purchased the nomination forms, but only six were cleared for the election. One of the aspirants, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), Adeniyi Akintola, withdrew from the race on Thursday. Other five candidates all of whom are from Ibadan, are participating in the primary election to secure the ticket of the party ahead of the 2023 general elections. The five aspirants who are still in the race are Senator representing Oyo Central senatorial district, Teslim Folarin, former Deputy Governor (Operations) of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Adebayo Adelabu, former Commissioner for Health, Dr. Azeez Adeduntan, an Ibadan-based lawyer, Akeem Agbaje and Oyedele Hakeem Alao. The delegates for the primary election have been screened at the time of filing this report. The delegates, security operatives and journalists who have been at the venue since Friday morning are still waiting for the arrival of the electoral committee led by Senator Tokunbo Afikuyomi to begin the primary election proper.