Outgoing Chelsea owner, Roman Abramovich, has made demands from the club’s potential new owners. Abramovich wants the potential new owners to commit investing in the club, both in the academy, women’s team and necessary redevelopment of the stadium as well as maintaining the work of Chelsea Foundation. The Russian also denied reports that he wants a £1.6billion loan to the club. The Russian billionaire businessman made the denial in a statement published on the club’s Website regarding the club’s takeover process. There were reports that the Blues owner, who is under the UK government’s sanction, had thrown the takeover process into jeopardy. The reports carried by UK media said he did this by going back on his promise to write off the club’s debt to him. However, in a statement by one of his spokesperson, Abramovich insisted that his plans for all proceeds of the sale to go to victims of the war in Ukraine have not changed. The reports had also claimed that a consortium led by LA Dodgers co-owner Todd Boehly had been picked as the preferred bidder. And that Abramovich had caused a delay by increasing his £3.5bn asking price. But the Russian oligarch said these rumours were ‘entirely false’ and insists he remains committed to finding responsible new owners for the west London club, despite ‘changing circumstances’ since his decision to sell. The statement added, “Secondly, Mr Abramovich has not asked for any loan to be repaid to him – such suggestions are entirely false – as are suggestions that Mr Abramovich increased the price of the Club last minute. “As part of Mr Abramovich’s objective to find a good custodian for Chelsea FC, he has however encouraged each bidder throughout this process to commit investing in the Club – including in the Academy, Women’s team, necessary redevelopment of the stadium as well as maintaining the work of Chelsea Foundation. “Following sanctions and other restrictions imposed on Mr Abramovich by the UK since announcing that the Club would be sold, the loan has also become subject to EU sanctions, requiring additional approvals. “That means that the funds will be frozen and subject to a legal procedure governed by authorities. These funds are still earmarked for the Foundation. The Government is aware of these restrictions as well as the legal implications. “To be clear, Mr Abramovich has no access or control of these funds and will not have any access or control of these funds following the sale…”