Following his election at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN) on April 9, Executive Director, Lagos and Southwest of Fidelity Bank Plc, Dr Kenneth Opara, has been inaugurated as CIBN 22nd President/Council Chairman. Opara, who was sworn-in on May 21 at a well-attended Presidential Investiture ceremony at the Landmark Event Centre, Victoria Island, Lagos, unveiled his strategic thrust designed to drive the institute’s objectives for the next two years. Themed FUTURE and built on six pillars namely: Financial innovation and transformation, Dealing with industry Uncertainties, Trade and finance collaboration, Unveiling pathways for membership growth, Reengineering and Rebranding the industry’s business model around Gen Z and Ethical conduct and governance, the strategy is positioned to help the CIBN attract Nigeria’s burgeoning youth population. “This (youth) segment provides opportunity for value creation, employment generation, economic growth and improved social security. CIBN under my watch will play a pivotal role as a critical stakeholder and partner between the practitioners and the regulator while ensuring adherence to corporate governance and ethical behaviour. “Our role in making this initiative a success cannot be over emphasized especially by creating capacity in the industry including certification as well as constantly playing our role as the conscience of the industry through encouraging ethical behaviour”, Opara said. Outgoing President/Chairman of the Council, Dr. Bayo Olugbemi noted that his objective as the 21st President of the institute was for the CIBN to experience exponential growth as espoused in his five-points agenda. “Over the past two years, with the help of God almighty, we have succeeded in changing the narrative of the institute, placing new steps of change that would ensure steady and sustainable development. “Today, as I pass on the baton to Dr Ken Opara whom I have known for many years as a seasoned banking professional who is very passionate about the institute, I am deeply convinced that he would take the institute to greater heights with his team.” Also inaugurated at the event were Pius Olanrewaju, 1st Vice President; Oladele Alabi, 2nd Vice President and Mojisola Bakare-Asieru, National Treasurer. The event which was streamed before an online audience was chaired by former Chairman of the Board of Directors of Fidelity Bank Plc and Chairman, Agric International Technology and Trade Limited, Mr. Ernest Ebi and had in attendance a host of dignitaries from the public and private sectors in Nigeria. Opara holds a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) degree in Finance and Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka as well as a Ph.D. in Credit Management from International University of Panama. He has over 29 years’ core-banking experience spanning diverse areas including Credit, Treasury, Retail, Consumer and Commercial Banking, International Operations and Corporate Banking. Prior to his appointment as Executive Director in charge of the Lagos & Southwest Directorate of Fidelity Bank, he served as General Manager/Regional Bank Head, Ikeja; Divisional Head, Managed SMEs, Multilateral Agencies & Trade Missions; Divisional Head, SMEs, Electronic & Consumer Banking amongst a number of roles. With a vision to be a global reference point for skills and conduct in the banking and finance industry, the CIBN is the umbrella professional body for bankers in Nigeria. The Institute has members including the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), all deposit money banks, development banks, mortgage banks, microfinance banks, discount houses amongst others.