A Senior Advocate of Nigeria SAN, James Ogwu Onoja has advocated for the urgent establishment of Regional Supreme Courts so as to ensure speedy delivery of justice in the country. He said that Regional Supreme Courts when established, should be saddled with responsibilities of handling cases which ought not to come to the Central Supreme Court. Onoja spoke on Wednesday in Abuja on the Dissenting Judgments delivered by a retired Supreme Court Justice, Ejembi Eko while on the judiciary bench. The senior lawyer who spoke against the backdrop of the depletion of Justices on the Supreme Court bench lamented that the apex court would continue to be overworked with an unprecedented number of cases. Onoja whose law firm put the Dissenting judgments together disclosed that not all cases should be allowed to go to the Central Supreme Court. According to him, cases such as land disputes, marriages and civil cases among others should terminate at the Regional Supreme Courts while policy and Constitutional matters should be handled by the Central Supreme Court. Onoja insisted that Regional Supreme Courts as being operated in advanced countries of the world would definitely ensure speedy and quality justice delivery in Nigeria when adopted. “With only 15 Justices and mountains of cases, Supreme Court will continue to be overworked. There is a need to fill the vacancies as quickly as possible. “Cases in the Supreme Court as presently constituted last for more than ten years. That is one of the reasons why parties are changed along the lines due to death and incapacitation. “At the moment, all manners of cases such as marriages, land and employment matters are finding their ways into the only Supreme Court in the land. This trend is unnecessary because it is affecting the quality of justice delivery in the country. “Therefore, Supreme Court should not be for all cases. There must be limitations along the lines.” The senior lawyer said the Dissenting judgments by retired Justice Ejembi Eko showed his courage as a non-conformist to do anything against free flow of justice. He appealed to the authorities of the apex court to look into some of the dissenting judgments and make them laws where and when possible. In his brief remarks, Justice Eko who was highly elated with the attendance of the serving and retired Supreme Court Justices and Senior Advocates of Nigeria charged judges in the country to always express their views when having strong ones. Among the Supreme Court Justices at the occasion are Olukayode Ariwoola, Amina Augie and Uwani Musa Abba-Aji.