Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Peter Obi, former governor of Anambra State and running mate to the Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election, has withdrawn from the presidential race. Obi, who had gone round the country to seek the support of delegates for the presidential primary of the PDP, pulled out less than 72 hours to the contest. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has condemned what he called “wild, barbarous and wanton killings of innocent people” in the South-East, as well as the other parts of the country. The President, in a statement issued Wednesday by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, warned the perpetrators of the “deeply distressing” acts to expect “tough response” from the security forces. 3. Former Accountant-General of Rivers State and the anointed candidate of Governor Wike, Siminalaye Fubara, has emerged the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the State. 4. A legal practitioner and financial analyst, Mr. Peter Mbah, yesterday, emerged the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, governorship candidate for the 2023 general election in Enugu State. He scored 790 votes to defeat other aspirants in the just concluded primary election. 5. Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has emerged winner of the governorship primary of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Makinde polled a total of 1,040 votes to defeat his rival, Mr Hazeem Gbolarunmi who had two votes. 6. Anambra State Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, has declared curfew in eight local government areas of the State as a result of insecurity, occasioned by gunmen attacks. Soludo, in a state-wide broadcast made on Wednesday evening, enjoined the people of the State to join hands with him to achieve his dream of making Anambra a liveable and prosperous homeland. 7. The pregnant woman killed, alongside her four children, has been buried in Anambra State. Militants of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) allegedly gunned them down at Isulo, Orumba North Local Government Area of the State, on Sunday. 8. Hundreds of youths, on Wednesday, from Gulumbe town under Birnin Kebbi Local Government Area have defected to the New Nigeria peoples party (NNPP). The youths, who are from different political parties in Kebbi State were received by party excos and a House of Representatives, aspirant Abubakar Aliyu Dangaladima at Gulumbe. 9. Retirees under the aegis of Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP) across the South West have cried out that State governors in the region are owing them N242b in gratuities and pensions. The Zonal Public Relations Officer of the union, Comrade Olusegun Abatan said this during their zonal council meeting held in Akure, the Ondo State capital. 10. The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, again met with former President Goodluck Jonathan ahead of the presidential primary of the APC billed for Sunday. The meeting, it was learnt, preceded a discussion between Jonathan and Mamman Daura, the influential nephew of the President Muhammadu Buhari.