Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, told Nigerians that his government has weakened Boko Haram, allaying fears that bandits will grow to another big challenge as faced by the Boko Haram threat. Speaking when he hosted some FCT residents at the State House on Monday, Buhari urged Nigerians to create a hostile environment for criminals hiding in communities. 2. The lawmaker representing Oyo South Senatorial District, Dr. Muhammad Kola Balogun has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Balogun, who is the younger brother to the current Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Lekan Balogun made this known yesterday night. 3. A Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Kassim Afegbua, has called on the United States, US, government to immediately invite the party’s presidential aspirant, Atiku Abubakar, for questioning over his fraudulent activities. Afegbua urged the US government to extradite Atiku to face corruption charges and the full wrath of the law. 4. There was crying and wailing at the scene of the collapsed three-storey building in the Ebute-Metta area of Lagos yesterday as mangled bodies of victims were evacuated from the rubbles. The incident, which happened in the late hours of Sunday, left many residents desolate. Many people burst into tears as they lost loved ones to the incident. 5. Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has said that he was charged with murder and armed robbery before he became a local government chairman in the State. Wike disclosed this while speaking on his presidential ambition and the race for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential ticket in an interview yesterday. 6. A gunman, who is believed to be among the militants who killed a Nigerian Army couple, has confessed to committing the crime. In a phone conversation, one of the killers was heard speaking with a friend of the slain female soldier. A male voice was heard saying the victims were killed because of the attacks allegedly carried out by the Nigerian Army. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday, after joining other Muslims to observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at the parade ground, Mambilla Barrack in Abuja, said his administration would ensure a free, fair and transparent electoral process in 2023. Asked to speak on who he would like to hand over to, the president said: “The person that Nigerians elect.” 8. Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, the Sultan of Sokoto and President-General, Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), has urged Nigerian politicians to allow peace in the country. Abubakar made the call in his Eid-el-Fitr message to Nigerians. 9. There are strong indications that the Federal Government may concede to the demands of the terrorists who attacked the Abuja-Kaduna train and abducted no fewer than 68 passengers at Katari, Kaduna State, on March 28. The gang had demanded the release of some of its detained commanders and financiers in exchange for the abductees. 10. Shiites of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) have alleged that the police shot and killed their member and arrested 78 others in Zaria and Kaduna during their annual international Quds day commemoration on Friday.