Following the cancellation of the 3-man adhoc delegate list and the national delegates lists by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) over malpractices and substantial violation of extant laws, stakeholders of the PDP are calling for the arrests of party officials responsible for the malpractices. In a letter signed by the Secretary to the Commission, Mr. Aminu Idris said “the Commission’s Monitoring Report on the One-Man Ad Hoc National Delegates Congress in Imo State has also indicated substantial non-compliance as no original LGA Congress Result form was provided at any of the LGA Congress venues. The letter said, “the Commission expects that your party’s primaries in Imo State be conducted using only Statutory Delegates as provided in the Constitution of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).” Reacting to the development, Opposition coalition Spokesperson, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere blamed the desperation of the National Secretary of the Party, Senator Samuel Anyanwu for the cancellation of the party’s 3-man adhoc delegate and national delegate lists. He maintained that Anyanwu’s desperate resolve to hijack the adhoc and national delegates lists using the instrumentality of his position as National Secretary of the party is the sole reason Imo National Delegates list and over 900 adhoc delegates were invalidated by INEC. Mr. Ugochinyere who is also the House of Representatives aspirant for Ideato North and South Federal Constituency called on the National leadership of the party to order the immediate arrest and investigation of the electoral officers from the party responsible for the missing results sheets for the conduct of wards 3-man Delegates Congress and Local Government 1-man National Delegates Congress. Continuing he said the decision by INEC was a painful one for the party but in line with the extant laws appears the only option for the PDP in view of the desperate circumstances. Ikenga further expressed sympathy with the over 900 Ad hoc delegates who have lost the chance to participate and vote in the party’s primaries while calling on all those who desired to be ad hoc delegates but who can no longer participate to hold the National secretary of the party responsible for the ugly situation in the Party. Ikenga also said the situation was a bag of mixed blessings as Imo PDP members can now sleep with both eyes closed because the desperate efforts to foist a fake delegates list on them are over and the party can now begin its rebuilding process. 