Ahead of the 2023 general election, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the All Progressives Congress (APC) of stoking a political crisis to stall the 2023 elections. The opposition party claimed that the ruling party is plotting to subvert the electoral process as part of its desperation to allegedly elongate its tenure beyond May 29, 2023. PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, Sunday also added that the APC wants to use orchestrated insecurity and political uncertainty to derail the electoral process and create a situation to justify a tenure elongation. It insisted that desperate APC leaders are behind the delay by President Muhammadu Buhari in signing the amendment to the Electoral Act 2022 to frustrate the smooth conduct of primaries by political parties and derail the entire electoral process. The statement “It is not surprising to the PDP that Mr President was again “absent” having travelled to the United Arab Emirate and abandoned his constitutional duty of signing the crucial amendment to the Electoral Act. “This attitude of Mr President to an issue that is critical to our electoral system is consistent with APC’s plot to cause confusion in the polity, orchestrate an unconducive environment for elections, stall the 2023 general elections and achieve a rumoured third term agenda. “The regularity of the electoral process as well as the confidence of the people in the certainty of timelines and outcomes of elections are the hallmarks of democracy, which the APC has been dislocating apparently with the view to undermining the electoral process.” PDP said it is clear that the APC administration has allegedly been compromising the security system, opening nation up to attacks and permitting shared sovereignty with terrorists over large portions of the territory. “This probably explains why President Buhari has failed to confront terrorists, contrary to his promise to lead the fight against terrorism from the front and why he remains absent and weak as terrorists pillage our citizens in various parts of the country,” it added. PDP cautioned the APC to note that its plans has been exposed and that Nigerians will never allow it to perpetrate its misrule through an orchestrated tenure elongation. The opposition party also added that Nigerians are determined to vote out the APC and return the nation to the path of unity, stability and economic prosperity under the PDP.