The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union (SOKAPU) youth wing, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to establish a Southern Kaduna Development Commission, SKDC, in the State. It also explained that the commission, when established, would be saddled with the responsibility of reconstructing, rehabilitating and resettlement of the over 2,000,000 displaced persons affected by insurgency, banditry and other forms of criminalities ravaging the State. The state youth wing asked Buhari
to reconstruct about two hundred (200) communities, including schools, hospitals, and markets destroyed by killer herdsmen. Comrade John Isaac, the National Youth Leader of SOKAPU, said this in a statement made available to DAILY POST. Part of the statement reads, “It is important to mention here that the killings and destruction of lives and properties and the displacement of communities, taking place in Southern Kaduna by herdsmen is of similar proportion to the Boko Haram-ravaged North Eastern part of Nigeria. “Therefore, a Southern Kaduna Development Commission is of paramount importance and should be supported by every well-meaning and peace-loving Nigerian. “As the 2023 general elections inch closer, it is important to remind aspirants across all political parties in clear terms that Southern Kaduna which has in the last seven (7 ) years witnessed unprecedented number of attacks, with thousands killed and slaughtered in cold blood, properties worth billions of naira destroyed and millions displaced, is a no-go region for aspirants who have no human feelings, regards for human lives and have shown little or no concerns and empathy to the Southern Kaduna people. “Activities of some aspirants who have been going about their bid for the Presidency and Governorship of Kaduna State, without reference to the plight of the Southern Kaduna People, let alone condemn the continuous killings nor proffer possible solutions to the acts of terrorism orchestrated by terrorist militia in the area, are also noted. “While we appreciate the generosity of some of the aspirants towards ameliorating the living conditions of displaced persons in the State, we will like to call on all aspirants across all political parties to emulate the kind gestures of those who have extended support to the people of Southern Kaduna and Kaduna State at large. “We also want to categorically emphasise that more needs to be done in the areas of rehabilitation and reconstruction of sacked communities in Southern Kaduna as the people are passing through untold hardship.”