The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has demolished over 30 houses, which it described as illegal at Trademore Estate, Lugbe, in an attempt to prevent incessant flooding in the area. The Senior Special Assistant on Monitoring, Inspection and Enforcement to FCT Minister, Mr Ikharo Attah, who led the operation under the auspices of the FCT Ministerial Taskforce Team, disclosed that over 100 illegal houses would be affected. According to him, no compensation would be given because there was no building approval. “This is an ongoing removal of illegal structures on the flood plain at the Trademore Estate, Lugbe, along Airport Road. This estate has been a theatre of flooding, very intensive flooding here and we have been engaging them for years,” Attah was quoted by NAN as saying on Thursday. “And they have come to terms that this area is very dangerous to their lives and the FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, has asked us to remove all illegal structures on the flood plain. “There has been excessive development on the floodplain in Trademore Estate, Lugbe, by some persons and this is very worrisome. All the houses that are going down were marked and some have been marked three years ago.” Attah said that some of the affected structures were marked at foundation, window and roofing levels, adding that the final marking was about four days ago. He added that “And we gave them 48 hours and even gave them additional 24 hours. For now, 30 houses are going but over 100 were marked, but we are still engaging critical stakeholders around there. ”After removing the first 30 houses, we will engage them to look at how we can use land solution act to find a lasting solution. “Like what some of them are saying that the Developer of Trademore Estate should be charged to court , they have the locus standi to take him to court.” The minister’s aide reiterated that the FCT Administration would not compensate anyone because there was no building plan, no approval, no allocation on the flood plain. “We are not going to give any compensation because there was no building approval,” he stated.