A group, Kwara Advancement Initiative (KAI) has said that the invitation of some members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Kwara State by the State Police Command is an indication that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the State is jittery of Senator Bukola Saraki’s popularity. The group made this disclosure on Saturday. DAILY POST reports that some members of PDP in the State have been invited by the police over an alleged plot to disrupt peace at the Eid praying ground in Ilorin during the forthcoming Eid-el-fitri celebration. But, KAI in its reaction, condemned what it called unfounded allegations levelled against the members of the PDP in the State. KAI in a statement signed by its Head, Democratic Mobilization and Monitoring Desk, Hajia Adeola Bashiru, advised the police to be wary of mischievous individuals. The group said that such individuals make up stories to save face and suit their selfish interest. Bashiru in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday, explained that such allegations could only be traced to the APC-led government. The group said while it was not opposed to the move by law enforcement agents to secure the State before, during and after the Eid festivities, added that it frowned at unfounded allegations against members of the PDP. “We all saw what happened last year at the Eid Praying ground. Dr Abubakar Bukola Saraki came just as every other individual but was given a rousing welcome by admirers who sang his praise to the high heavens. “The adulation was so exciting that the admirers embraced the former Senate President right and left, cheering and welcoming him back to his country home. Their conduct was as peaceful as it could be. “Truth be told, adversaries were obviously embarrassed that the incumbent Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, who was also present at the Eid praying ground was ignored and even booed by a section of those in attendance. “They should rather face reality, admit their ineptitude and retrace their steps,” the group said.