A House of Representatives aspirant in Ibadan North East/ Ibadan South East federal constituency on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr. Kazeem Adesina Olasupo, has disclosed that workers played a huge role during the struggle for the independence of Nigeria. Olasupo made this disclosure on Sunday. Our correspondent gathered that today (Sunday) May 1 has been reserved as the day to celebrate workers across the country. Olasupo has, however, said that workers were one of those who struggled for Nigeria to get its independence in 1960. The PDP chieftain in a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, explained that the Nigerian labour movement has a proud heritage beginning from the heroic contributions of its founding fathers like Pa Micheal Imodu and his contemporaries. He insisted that Nigerian workers, since independence have continued to drive economic productivity, nation-building and democratic governance in the country. He applauded their patience and resilience in the face of the current social and economic challenges the country is currently facing. Olasupo, a United Kingdom-based Nigerian medical doctor, added that labour leaders were the ones that used their wealth of experience in the struggle for the independence of Nigeria and emancipation of workers and the masses. He used the opportunity to felicitate with Nigerian workers and Muslims across the country as they join the rest of the world in celebrating International Workers’ Day and Eid-el-Fitri slated for tomorrow. He explained that the workers deserved better working conditions for them to continue to perform their roles. He said, “The Nigerian Labour Movement has a proud heritage beginning from the heroic contributions of its founding fathers like Pa Micheal Imodu and his contemporaries in the struggle for the independence of Nigeria and emancipation of workers and the masses. “The Nigerian workers across the generations since then have continued to drive economic productivity, nation-building and democratic governance in the country. “I commend their patience, understanding and also their resilience in the face of the current challenges that our nation is facing. “I also felicitate with all Muslims in my constituency, the state and Nigeria as a whole as they celebrate this year’s Eid-el-Fitri which was begun by the holy Prophet of Islam. It is a special day for expressing gratitude to the Almighty Allah for all that we are and all that we have. “The lessons of this period, including the virtues that the Holy month of Ramadan emphasise are worth being sustained towards making our constituency, state and indeed, our nation a better place.”