National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has busted a drug warehouse owned by a cartel in Delta State and arrested the leader, Bridget Oghenekevwe Emeka, a.k.a Mama. The drug warehouse is said to be located within a palatial mansion owned by the 59-year-old drug baroness. The major distributor of illicit drugs in the South-South according to the NDLEA was arrested in her mansion where she cooks and distributes Crack Cocaine, Methamphetamine and other illicit substances.  No fewer than nine of her staff and associates were also arrested in coordinated simultaneous operations at her expansive residence and drug bunker, where she accommodates drug users and sells illicit substances to them and others in parts of Warri, Delta State. The Director, Media & Advocacy at the NDLEA, Femi Babafemi said the drug baroness has been under surveillance for weeks after she was identified as a major distributor of illicit drugs in the South-South region.  Some of the paraphernalia for making Crack recovered from her house include: sodium bicarbonate, which is the main adulterant, as well as transparent nylon used in wrapping the finished product. Babafemi in his statement on Tuesday said Bridget cooks Cocaine into Crack Cocaine for local distribution and consumption in drug joints. He said, “Apart from various quantities of Crack Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Molly, and Loud seized from her home and drug bunks; a pump-action gun, 15 cartridges, documents, two cars, mobile phones, drug paraphernalia such as sodium bicarbonate and polythene wrappings were also recovered for further investigation.  “While five of her staff that cook, cut, package and distribute the drugs were found in her house located at Favour Street, Otukutu, Effurun Warri, four of her associates were equally arrested at her drug bunks in other parts of the town during the raids by Strike Force officers of NDLEA supported by the military. Chairman/Chief Executive of NDLEA, Brig. Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd) commended the officers and men involved in all the processes leading to the eventual execution of the operation plan. He also appreciated the armed forces for their unwavering support for the Agency.