The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has declared that it will achieve Biafra in this lifetime. IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, was reacting to a comment by Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State that the group can’t actualize Biafra. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential aspirant had said Igbos own half of Nigeria, hence Biafra can’t be actualized. Mohammed spoke on Friday while wooing PDP delegates in Anambra State ahead of the party’s convention. Condemning the comment, Powerful said Mohammed would be shocked because Biafra would be actualized in his lifetime. In a statement issued on Sunday, Powerful cautioned the Presidential aspirant to stop exhibiting his ignorance regarding Biafra. According to Powerful: “The attention of the global family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our indomitable Leader and liberator of our time, Mazi Nnamdi KANU has been drawn to the laughable, disgraceful and unguarded statements credited to ignoble Governor of Bauchi State, Gov. Bala Muhammed, saying that IPOB cannot achieve Biafra. This self-deluded Fulani irredentist advertised his ignorance by mentioning IPOB in his political ranting thinking that IPOB is in his class. “IPOB has no time to join issues with a Fulani Governor by default who sees nothing wrong in the atrocities by Fulani bandits but is always in a hurry to fault mere peaceful agitation by nonviolent IPOB and other pro-Biafra groups. “Bala Mohammed the defender of terrorists should stop commenting on IPOB matters because he has limited and biased knowledge about us. “Contrary to this thinking, IPOB is not begging for land. Land does not signify freedom, we are fighting for our self determination which will show the world that we are special people. Our land is enough for us to operate as a nation. We don’t need borrowed lands. There are so many countries in the world occupying lesser landmass than we do. “Gov Bala Muhammed of Bauchi should respect himself and must know that IPOB will achieve Biafra freedom in his time and he will be shocked. IPOB is a God-ordained movement designed to champion the cause of Biafra and liberate its citizens from the Nigeria bondage.”