Justice Akeem Fashola of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, sitting in Jabi, Abuja has issued a warrant of arrest against a 39-year old man, lgoche Daniel Ada, over allegations of sexual assault on a 14-year-old schoolgirl. Igoche, a teacher at Destiny Christian Academy, Airport Road FCT, Abuja, owned by Dunamis International Gospel Centre, was charged to court by the FCT Command of the Nigeria Police. When the case came up in court on Tuesday, the prosecution counsel, John Ijagbemi, told the court that this was the second time the accused person would be absent in court. ”The defendant has chosen to be absent in court for the second time since he was released on bail. He had been duly served with the charges. He is yet to be arraigned in court. ”The accused and his surety assured us that they will be in court but we are surprised to note that he is not here. We are asking the court to issue an arrest warrant against him to enable him appear in court”. In a short ruling, Justice Fashola states thus, ”An arrest warrant is hereby issued against the defendant. ”This case is hereby adjourned to June 23, 2022, for the arraignment of the defendant”. The one-count criminal charge reads, ”That you, lgoche Daniel Ada ‘m’ 39yrs, on or about 25/04/2021 at about 21:15hrs at the school premises of Destiny Christian Academy Airport Road FCT, Abuja within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court did sexually harassed one Otuya Deborah Miracle, aged 14yrs by touching and caressing her breast and other sexual parts, and you thereby committed an offence contrary to section 32 (1) and punishable under section 32 (2) of Child Right Act LFN 2003.” Recall that operatives of the Federal Capital Territory Police Command, arrested Igoche Ada, last year. He was arrested at his apartment inside the Church building in Lugbe and taken away in handcuffs. However, he has been dismissed from the School after he was allegedly caught assaulting the schoolgirl. Having been dismissed by the Church, he was handed over to the police for prosecution but later released on bail.