Traditional rulers in Ogun West said they played no role in the relocation of the Senator representing Lagos West, Olamilekan Adeola, to Ogun State. The Obas said it is not their duty to decide who should contest for any political post as they are not politicians. This was their separate reaction to a statement credited to Senator Adeola saying the Ogun West monarchs invited him to come and contest in the Gateway State. DAILY POST reported earlier that Adeola’s decision to relocate from Lagos West to Ogun West after 20 years of holding elective positions has been a major source of controversy among members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Yewa-Awori. As reactions trail his ambition and claims of being an indigene of the region, Adeola was reported to have said the Yewa Obas begged the former Governor of Lagos State, Bola Tinubu, to release him for the Ogun West 2023 senatorial race. Adeola was quoted to have said that, “When I went to inform Tinubu of my decision to return home, he was reluctant. It took the intervention of traditional rulers in Yewaland led by the Paramount Ruler of Yewaland, the Olu of Ilaro, before the APC leader agreed that I go. I thank the APC leader for allowing me to go this time.” However, findings by DAILY POST revealed that some prominent Obas in Yewa are not aware of the claim that an appeal was made to Tinubu by the Yewa Traditional Council to release Adeola for Ogun West senatorial seat in 2023. Though the Olu of Ilaro and Paramount Ruler of Yewa, Oba Kehinde Olugbenle, did not answer calls to his phone, neither did he reply a message sent to him, some First-class Obas have denied knowledge of the Lagos Senator’s claim. The Onidogo of Idogo, Oba Saheed Olubiyi, said he was not aware of Yewa Obas meeting Tinubu to plead that Adeola should be released to contest in Ogun West. “Yewa Obas are not politicians. We don’t play politics. We’ve been hearing it from politicians that Yayi wants to run for senate. You can go and confirm from our President. We know he and many others want to run for senate and they have all been coming to us to declare their ambitions; but the claim that Yewa Obas are the ones who asked him to come to Ogun West is what I don’t know. May God choose for us.” Onidogo posited. In his words, the Onimeko of Imeko, Oba Benjamen Oyeditan Olanite, denied knowledge of Obas meeting Tinubu to release Yayi for them, saying he was hearing that for the first time. “I am not aware of that development and I know if anything like that happened, my Paramount Ruler would carry me along. Maybe this happened at a time I was not around. But as the head of Obas in my Ketu domain, I don’t think that can take place without my knowledge,” Onimeko explained. The Eselu of Iselu, Oba Akintunde Akinyemi, told our correspondent that, “I just returned to the country. I wouldn’t know if anything like that was done while I was away. But I don’t think that can be done without my consent. We are not politicians. We are for everybody. People should disregard such claim.” Ololo of Ijofin, Oba Moruf Awode, in a terse response, stated that, “What’s my own with that? I don’t know anything about it.” Also speaking, the Asale of Isale Gbokoto, Oba Ganiu Adegbola, maintained that, “I am just hearing this for the first time. The Paramount Ruler is the only one to confirm that report. It may be so and it may not be so, I can’t confirm. I may not be around when it happened; I may not attend meeting that day. When we meet on Friday or Saturday, I will find out.” The Onipokia of Ipokia, Oba Yisa Olaniyan, told DAILY POST that: “I cannot really say much about the issue because I just joined Yewa Traditional Council, a little over a year now and I know Senator Yayi has been around for quite a while. “But the little I can say is that I never heard from any Oba that they begged anyone to release him. “Governor Dapo Abiodun was the only one I heard not too long ago at a ceremony saying Yayi was loaned to Lagos and that he is coming back home soon. “Maybe that statement should be credited to Mr Governor. Maybe you should talk to the Paramount Ruler.” Meanwhile, the Adokun of Igan-Okoto, Oba Mukaila Salako, said Senator Adeola could not have lied, even though he said he was not informed of any move made by any Oba to seek the release of Yayi from Tinubu. “Anything Yayi said, I don’t think he can make a mistake. I have not been around for some time because I was a bit indisposed. I just returned. We want to give Yayi a title on Saturday and we would have been with him from Friday. So if Yayi says Yewa Obas made a statement, he can’t lie. But I was not around, I was ill; maybe the meeting held when I was away to treat myself,” Adokun submitted.