Leading financial institution, Fidelity Bank Plc has announced plans to host an exports roundtable and policy sensitisation workshop for businesses in Benin, Edo State capital, in partnership with the Edo State Investment Promotion Office (ESIPO) and GIZ on Tuesday, 24 May 2022. The event, which would be the fourth edition of the bank’s CBN RT200 FX Sensitization seminars following successful outings in Kano, Ondo and Plateau States in February, March and April 2022, is part of the bank’s initiatives to help importers pivot to exports. Divisional Head, Export and Agriculture, Fidelity Bank Plc, Isaiah Ndukwe, said the decision to partner ESIPO and GIZ was borne out of the need to help exporters to build their business management capacity and is further proof of the value the bank provides to export-oriented businesses in Nigeria. “At Fidelity Bank we are known for empowering our customers with the necessary financial and non-financial services to upscale their businesses. “We consider the CBN RT200 FX scheme an amazing opportunity for businesses to bolster their FX earning capacity and we are delighted to collaborate with ESIPO and GIZ to host businesses in and around Benin City to a workshop to help them take advantage of the scheme”, explained Ndukwe. Launched on February 10, 2022, by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) as part of measures to reduce the increasing demand for foreign currency by importers, the RT200 FX scheme is designed to help Nigeria achieve $200billion in FX repatriation from non-oil exports over the next five years. The policy has been hailed by stakeholders in the export sector as an initiative capable of stimulating the growth of non-oil exports in Nigeria. Marcus Unuebho of the Business Development Support and Export Unit, ESIPO, said the goal of the roundtable is to identify and promote viable non-oil export opportunities, provide financing options, and proffer steps to removing the identified bottlenecks in the export process for non-oil products from Edo to the global market. “It will provide a platform for the exporters to meet with the export regulatory bodies and express their challenges which hinder exports. “The event will also serve as an opportunity for the regulatory agencies to address the challenges on the spot and provide solutions to them with a view of enhancing Nigeria’s capacity in the African Continental Free Trade Area deal.” Technical Advisor for Edo State, Local Economic and Value Chain Development, GIZ SEDIN, Nosakhare Omon Aigiomawu stated that Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) are the drivers of local economic development. “Collaborating to provide market linkages and access to finance would address major constraints to these groups and ensure more employment creation as well as higher income”, Aigiomawu said. Fidelity Bank is a full-fledged commercial bank operating in Nigeria with over 6.5 million customers serviced across its 250 business offices and digital banking channels. The bank was recently recognized as the Best SME Bank Nigeria 2022 by the Global Banking & Finance Awards. The bank has also won awards for the “Fastest Growing Bank” and “MSME & Entrepreneurship Financing Bank of the Year” at the 2021 BusinessDay Banks and Other Financial Institutions (BAFI) Awards.