Nigerians on social media have condemned the killing of a female student of Shehu Shagari College of Education Sokoto State. DAILY POST had reported that the student identified Deborah Yakubu was lynched by some male Muslim students and burnt, for allegedly insulting Prophet Mohammed. Reacting, some Nigerians called for justice for the deceased and arrest of all the perpetrators. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered on Twitter. @aproko doctor, “Video of that female student murdered in Sokoto by a mob for “religious reasons” is proof that we have a long way to go in this country. Her murderers made a video about it, knowing that nothing will happen to them. They’d even be praised in certain quarters.The year is 2022.” @letter_to_jack, “All the boys whose faces appeared in that tragic trending video from Sokoto state will have elevated status in their society as a result, they will be tagged heroes and tipped for greatness. In a few years, they will occupy powerful seats. That’s the way it works in the North. “ @timiakegbejo, “A Christian mob can never burn a human being for insulting Jesus Christ. It can never happen. Yet Christianity doesn’t proclaim itself as the religion of peace.” @Archiewonda, “I can’t even bring myself to watch that video.These things are foundational, it can only be addressed by those that see it as problem and think it needs to be stopped.The current political actors I bet you, see it as one of those things, that’s why it will continue.” @firstladyship, “When you don’t educate the youths, they’ll end up chanting Allahu Akbar, while committing murder in Allah’s name. Without Education, how can they know any better? That gory video ruined my morning. The scary part is, nothing will happen to Deborah Yakubu’s killers.” @kawtharrrr_, “We cannot “Islam is peace” our way out of what some people see Islam as. I know it can be upsetting when Islam is misrepresented and misconstrued, but we shouldn’t gaslight people who have only experienced horror in the hands of Muslims in their region. It’s distasteful.” @ceo_toes, “As a Muslim. Yoruba Muslim. This is not what islam preach. This is not the Quran teaching.Since I watched that video. I am close to running mad. I will just shout. I still don’t believe this is happening .” @Ezearinze, “Those Islam terrorist who murdered Deborah in Sokoto will go free and be protected by the government but if this If this happened in South East, where a Northern Muslim was Killed in the same manner, the Army/Police would have burnt down the school, arrested and killed everyone on sight. @candidlies, “What exactly is about islam that makes muslims so violent and murderous when their prophet is mentioned??? Is your so-called god dead that he cant fight for himself? Why was that woman murdered and it was recorded?What kind of evil is that?” @sir_youngman1, “Northern Muslims are using all the possible means to de-market and extinguish the light of Islam.Northerners are making the propagation of Islam extremely difficult.How do you later preach Islam to someone who you’ve murdered his family or friend bcos of #Blasphemy?”