A 21-year old student of Kwara State Polytechnic, Ilorin, Taoheed Garba, has been arrested by operatives of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) for allegedly stealing his girlfriend’s money and a gold chain. Garba, allegedly withdrew N341,000 from his girlfriend’s bank account and sold off her gold chain valued at N250,000 to meet his urgent personal financial challenges. Garba was arrested on May 11, based on the report of allegation, filed by one Simiat Adebayo, his girlfriend. Spokesman of the Civil Defence Corps, Babawale Zaid Afolabi, in a statement in Ilorin on Thursday, said “the complainant reported the case on May 9, narrating how Garba stole her money, a sum of N341, 000 from her bank account and later stole her gold chain, worth N250, 000.” According to the Civil Defence spokesman, “the suspect withdrew the money from the girlfriend’s phone on two occasions, without any trace, until the complainant requested for her statement of account from the bank.” The Spokesman said, “the suspect also stole the complainant’s gold chain and sold it for N105, 000 to unknown buyer at an undisclosed market.” Afolabi said that the suspect allegedly seriously beat the complainant when she confronted him for stealing her money and a gold chain, which made the complainant to report and led to his arrest. Garba, however, admitted to have stolen the sum of money and a gold chain, but denied beating the girlfriend. “I actually stole the money from her account because of my need for money to enrol for School of Aviation program after my HND at Kwara Polytechnic. “I was later asked to pay more money and also wanted to buy some equipment for my barbing business, so I had to steal her gold and raise more money. “The other issue of beating her is a lie, I love her so much and can never beat her for any reason. She made up the bruises on her body with makeup that she use for her face,” he said. The State Commandant, Makinde Ayinla frowned at the act and warned students to be careful with their relationship with the opposite sex and be security conscious. Ayinla assured that the suspect would be taken to court soon and prosecuted accordingly.