The newly sworn-in caretaker committee chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State, Adekunle Akindele has been accused of causing disunity among the ranks of party members. Rasaq Oyelami and Adetoye Ogungboyega, members of the Osun PDP caretaker committee, made the allegation against the chairman, stating that Akindele chased away some members of the committee from the party Secretariat. In a statement jointly signed by the duo, they claimed that the attitude of the caretaker committee chairman was capable of fast-tracking the total collapse of the party in the State. “Last Saturday, a day before the commencement of our party’s primaries, the two of us met with the Chairman and the Secretary of the Committee in company of Omooba Dotun Babayemi. It was there we agreed to converge on the party secretariat for the supervision and distribution of election materials for the primaries, the next day being Sunday. We all agreed to be at the party secretariat by 8 am. “While waiting endlessly for them, we were intermittently calling and at the same time, sending text messages to them to no avail. This made the two of us wait for over 8 hours,” they alleged. The duo lamented that the Chairman, the Secretary and other members of the committee did not show up until around 3.30pm. “Contrary to the spirit of friendship and what was agreed to the previous day when the Chairman met the two of us, he said we should leave the party secretariat when he and others eventually showed up around 3.30pm. “The Chairman said he was an administrator and that he knew no one except Ademola Adeleke because that was the instructions given to him from the party headquarters in Abuja,” they alleged. Oyelami and Ogungboyega warned that unless stakeholders and leadership of the party cautioned the Caretaker Committee Chairman, the party might be heading for the precipice. “Every of the committee’s actions spells destruction for the party. Maybe they are doing this because they are not from our State. “Genuine members of the party and the generality of the people of the State are the ones feeling the heat,” they stated. The Osun PDP has been in a long drawn leadership tussle. The sharp disagreement and chairmanship tussle predicated a parallel primary election, which produced Dotun Babayemi but the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) authenticated the primary election that produced Ademola Adeleke as the Osun PDP gubernatorial candidate. As a means of ensuring peace, a seven-member caretaker committee headed by Adekunle Akindele was inaugurated by the Iyorchia Ayu-led PDP National Secretariat. The caretaker committee comprised members from both the Adeleke and Babayemi camps. The Akindele-led Osun caretaker committee will steer the ship of the party for three months before a new executive is elected.