Operatives of the Bauchi State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) have arrested 52-year old Kabiru Abdullahi, for allegedly kidnapping and killing his neighbour’s five-year-old daughter after collecting a ransom of N150,000. Abdullahi, the prime suspect, who is a resident of Narabi, Toro Local Government Area of the state, was said to have connived with one Yawale, a 45-year-old resident Rimin Zayam in Toro LGA, to commit the crime. Parading the two suspects at the command’s headquarters in Bauchi, the NSCDC State Commandant, Nurudeen Abdullahi, told journalists that the suspects kidnapped their victim in front of her father’s house and took her to a bridge where they strangled her and put her remains in a sack. Abdullahi explained that after strangulating the minor, the suspects buried her remains in the prime suspect’s kitchen and subsequently contacted her father, a businessman, demanding a ransom of N1 million. The commandant informed that after a series of negotiations, the suspects were paid the sum of N150,000 as ransom, which was collected by Alhaji Yawale in the bush at Narabi. “On 23 April 2022 at about 7.30pm, information was received on the alleged kidnapping of a five-year-old girl named Amina (not real name) Abdullahi at Sabon Gari Narabi, Toro LGA, Bauchi State. “NSCDC officers attached to Toro Division swung into action and arrested the following suspects: Kabiru Abdullahi, male, 52yrs of Narabi Village (direct neighbour) and Alhaji Yawale, male, 45yrs of Rimin Zayam, Toro LGA. “Preliminary investigation revealed that the prime suspect, Kabiru Abdullahi, kidnapped Amina in front of her house, took her to a nearby bridge, strangled her neck and put her in a sack. “He contacted the father of the victim, Abdullahi Yusuf, and demanded a ransom. After a series of negotiations, it was agreed that the sum of One hundred and Fifty Thousand Naira (N150,000) be paid for her release. “His accomplice, Alhaji Yawale, collected the sum of N150,000 under a Tamarind tree in the bush at Narabi village. “Further investigation revealed that Amina was killed on 27 April 2022 and buried inside the kitchen of the prime suspect. A team of investigators went and dug the sack from the ground and took the body to the General Hospital, Toro, where she was certified dead by the medical doctor,” the NSCDC commandant informed. According to the Commandant, exhibits recovered from the suspects were the sum of N42,000; fake $200 notes; charms; two MTN SIM cards; different car keys and phone numbers. He, however, said the suspects would be handed over to the police for further investigation and after which they would be charged to court for prosecution. In another development, Abdullahi informed that on 30th April 2022 at about 4.00pm, a case of robbery at Diriko village was reported to the command. The Commandant said NSCDC operatives attached to Toro Division were immediately mobilised to the scene and arrested two suspects, Isiya Lawal (30) of Diriko Village and Musa Ado (20) of Babale Village, Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau State. According to Abdullahi, “Preliminary investigation revealed that the victim, Hamisu Halidu, male (18) of Tilden Fulani took the suspects on his Bajaj Boxer motorcycle to Dinya village. And on their way, the suspects attacked him with a stick and a knife with the intention of killing him to cart away his motorcycle. “As they were dragging, a Good Samaritan came to assist the victim. In the process, NSCDC team arrived and arrested the suspects.” Exhibits recovered from the suspects, according to the commandant, were the said Bajaj Boxer motorcycle; water pump for irrigation; knife; stick; two wraps of cannabis (Indian hemp); cigarettes; N400 and a face cap.