The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Sunday formally announced the appointment of Jose Peseiro as the new Head Coach of the Super Eagles, the country’s senior national men’s football team. Ademola Olajire, NFF’s Director of Communications, in a statement, said Peseiro’s appointment is with immediate effect and subject to the signing of agreed terms between him and the Federation. The NFF also announced that Finidi George, a former Nigeria international forward, will be the First Assistant to Peseiro, with former Super Eagles midfielder Salisu Yusuf the Second Assistant. “Yusuf will also be the Head Coach of the Nigerian team to the Championship of African Nations (CHAN), as well as the Under-23 National Teams. “Usman Abdallah is the Third Assistant, while Eboboritse Uwejamomere will be the Match Analyst. ” Another former Nigeria international, Ike Shorounmu, will be the Goalkeepers’ Trainer,” Olajire stated. He also disclosed that José Vitor dos Santos Peseiro, who turned 62 in April, is a Portuguese who played as a striker in his days. “He has wide and varied experience coaching clubs and national teams across four different continents, namely Europe, Asia, Africa and South America. “An educationist with a degree in Physical Education/Sports Sciences, Peseiro has top-level coaching qualifications/training. ” He has coached at Sporting Lisbon, FC Porto, Panathinaikos, Rapid Bucharest, Sporting Braga, Victoria Guimaraes, Al-Hilal, Al-Wahda, Al-Ahly Cairo, Sharjah FC and Real Madrid as an assistant. ” The Portuguese also served as Head Coach of the Saudi Arabian and Venezuelan National Teams,” the NFF spokesman said. Peseiro is expected to lead the Super Eagles for the first time during the upcoming tour of the U.S. The NFF had named Peseiro as Super Eagles’ substantive head coach last December after sacking Gernot Rohr. Peseiro was expected to take charge of the Super Eagles after the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon. However, Augustine Eguavoen was given the Super Eagles job on an interim basis following Super Eagles’ elimination from the AFCON. It is believed the NFF had hired Peseiro based on a recommendation from fellow Portuguese Jose Mourinho. President of the Nigeria Football Federation, NFF, Amaju Pinnick, had already admitted they consulted Mourinho while scouting for Rohr’s replacement.