The Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi has accused the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, an unidentified Senator and officers of the Nigeria Police of carrying out shootings in the State. Addressing a congregation, during church service at a chapel in the Government House Abakiliki, the Governor, who thanked God for successful visitation of President Muhammadu Buhari last week, said the shooting reported while the President was on ground, was not carried out by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. According to him, members of the opposition party and thugs of a sitting Senator were responsible for the shooting. DAILY POST recalls that there was pandemonium at the Ebonyi State Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Secretariat on Tuesday following heavy shootings by unidentified gunmen operating along the busy Enugu-Abakaliki express road. The Governor stated that there has been shootings around the secretariat for the past two weeks, vowing that he would seal off the facility if there is another shooting. He said, “There were even questions as to why there was no announcement of IPOB about the President’s coming, the answer is I don’t know, refer the matter to God, everything worked out perfectly well and that could only come through fasting and prayers.” “There was a report of shooting; the shooting was done by the PDP people, shooting at the Secretariat and for the past two weeks, they have been shooting in that area, is that how they want to contest and win elections in Ebonyi State?” He queried. He alleged that unknown gunmen, who recently attacked a police station in Ezza South and North were caught with weapons belonging to the police and a vehicle carrying a Senator’s name and PDP logo. “When the Police Stations were attacked in Ezza South and North, the police guns were missing, when the shooting was happening and one of the thugs were arrested, with a bus of a Senator painted in PDP colour, with his name boldly written on it, do you know what was discovered, among other guns and ammunition was the police gun. “How can you come to a State and you will be shooting as if there is no Government, and you are carrying police people and then your thugs are shooting, it won’t happen again”, he added.