Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Airline Operators of Nigeria, AON, says it has suspended the earlier decision to shut down flights beginning from Monday, May 9. The President of the AON, Alhaji Abdulmunaf Yunusa Sarina, in a statement on Sunday, said the development followed a meeting with the Federal Government. 2. Former lawmaker, Senator Francis Arthur Nzeribe has passed on. According to a family source, the former lawmaker died of an undisclosed ailment at a foreign hospital on Sunday at the age of 82 years. 3. The Academic Staff Union of University (ASUU) has threatened to extend the ongoing strike indefinitely. The union said this at its ongoing meeting in Abuja. Accusing the Federal Government of being unserious, the union promised to intimate Nigerians on the outcome of its meeting. 4. Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), and one of its presidential aspirants, has expressed confidence that he would win the presidential ticket of the party. Tinubu made the statement shortly after he interacted with delegates of the party in Jalingo, Taraba State capital, on Sunday. 5. Former leader of the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, has said though many aspirants from the South-East are angling to be president of Nigeria in 2023, he is yet to see any serious aspirant among them. 6. Amid widespread condemnations of Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele’s alleged presidential ambition, it was learnt on Sunday that the CBN governor had headed to a Federal High Court in Abuja to seek a constitutional interpretation on his non-resignation while pursuing his political interests. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Sunday, in Abuja, said the North-West must not be allowed to relapse into the days when bandits roamed freely and unleashed mayhem on the people. 8. Operatives of the Enugu State Police Command have arrested a herbalist and two others over alleged kidnapping in the State. The suspects were said to have kidnapped one Amaechi Oguama on October 20, 2021 and collected a ransom of N10m from his family without releasing the victim. 9. Suspected drug traffickers, including two pregnant women, have been arrested by operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos State, for allegedly attempting to import and export illicit drugs through the airport. 10. Former Vice-President, Atiku Abubakar was in South West on Sunday canvassing for votes from delegates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo and Osun, ahead of the party’s presidential primary slated for May 28.