Injured victims and family members of those involved in last week’s Kano Gas explosion on Monday, met with President Muhammadu Buhari. The meeting which was held at the palace of the Emir of Kano, afforded the Presidentopportunity to express his condolences, describing the incident as unfortunate. The victim’s relatives were accompanied by various community leaders resident in Sabon Gari Kano, including Chief Nicholas Ibekwe, the Eze Igbo, all assembled at the Palace of the Emir, His Royal Highness Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero where the meeting took place. President Buhari who was on a short visit to officiate at the Nigerian Air Force Day and 58th Anniversary Celebration veered off the official program for a visit to the Palace. In a brief address, the President said he was “extremely pained by the loss of lives and injury to many due to the explosion,” adding “my thoughts and that of the nation are with the bereaved families. I hope the injured will recover fully at the earliest possible time.” As per the official reports, nine people lost their lives and 22 were injured and receiving treatment. President Buhari drew parallels between Kano and his native Daura and described the palace of the Emir as his own home. He commended the traditional institution and the people of Kano for standing with him at all times. The Emir thanked the President for the condolences and commended him for providing a fair and just leadership. He conveyed the Kano community’s appreciation for the numerous things the federal government is doing in the state and prayed for the emergence of good leaders in the coming elections. Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje announced cash support in various sums for the families of the deceased, the injured and others whose properties were partly damaged or destroyed. Recall that the nation woke up to an explosion in Sabon Gari, a suburb of Kano state. At first, it was reported to be a bomb explosion but later confirmed by police authorities to be a gas explosion. However, a news organisation reported that the DSS arrested two Boko Haram members in connection with the explosion and recovered some bombs and other weapons About 8 people, mostly children were confirmed dead while many others sustained various degrees of injuries from the violent attack.