A factional group in the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ebonyi State has insisted on conducting the primaries of the party. The party is divided into two factions with one led by Senator Obinna Ogba and the other loyal to Mr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii, a business mogul. Recall that the national leadership of the PDP in a statement signed by the Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, had cancelled the primary elections in the state. According to Debo: “To this effect, all State House of Assembly, National Assembly and Governorship primaries of our Party in Ebonyi State are hereby cancelled.” However, the factional group led by Senator Ogba, who is a governorship aspirant and senator representing Ebonyi Central senatorial zone in the national assembly, decided to abide by the cancellation. Ogba, who directed his factional delegates and other aspirants not to lose hope, expressed optimism that the national leadership of the party will soon conduct Primaries without much delay. He tasked the stakeholders to remain calm, united and focused as the PDP takes firm steps to rescue the nation from the misrule of the rudderless, corrupt and incompetent All Progressives Congress. Meanwhile, the faction led by Mr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii, who is a governorship aspirant in Ebonyi State, vowed to go on with the primaries. Odii, who conducted his factional primaries at the party secretariat located along Abakaliki Enugu expressway, was monitored by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, security agencies and national electoral committee for governorship, senatorial and house of representatives. Similarly, two gubernatorial aspirants, Mr. Sylvester Ogbaga, a fourth term member of the House of Representatives and Mr. Chukwuma Nwazunku, who is also a member of the Green Chamber, withdrew from the race. Ogbaga is representing Abakaliki/Izzi federal constituency while Nwazunku is representing Ebonyi/Ohaukwu federal constituency in the national assembly. DAILY POST gathered that both Ogbaga and Nwazunku hail from the Ebonyi North senatorial zone. The gubernatorial aspirants, Ogbaga and Nwazunku, who spoke to journalists during the Primary election said: “we can’t participate in this primaries any longer because the whole exercise is fraudulent and we are going home along with my delegates,” they stated.