A group, Akwa Ibom Integrity Alliance, AIIA, has petitioned the Inspector-General of Police, Alkali Baba Usman, over purported inflammatory remarks by some aspirants and their supporters in Akwa Ibom State after the just concluded ward congresses of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The group added that if their actions are not checked, they could instigate crisis and truncate the existing peace in the State. Ever since the PDP had its ward congress to elect three ad-hoc delegates from the 329 wards for the primary elections, the social media has been inundated with reports of irregularities in the election which has heated the political space recently. But the chairman of AIIA, Barr. Stephen Abia, in a statement issued in Uyo on Monday, claimed that those sounding the drums of war are being sponsored by some political gladiators bent on causing chaos in the state. The group observed that those behind the plot are mostly aspirants who stayed away from the Ward Congress of their party, but rather chose to discredit the outcome of the election. The group, therefore, condemned what it described as “if it is not me, then no one can emerge” mentality being perpetuated by some politicians in the state and called on the IGP to intervene in order to restore decorum in the political space of the state. Part of the statement read, “The idea of war drums being sounded as precursor to the political season should be discouraged and forestalled. This mentality of “if it is not me, then no one can emerge”, is capable of taking the State back to the pre-2015 era, where political intolerance, political violence and politically motivated assassinations where the order of the day. “The PDP, we are aware, have avenues through which people can channel their grievances, rather than the constant war cries that remind us of the, “Warsaw saw War”, agitations of the APC leaders in Akwa Ibom in 2019 elections buildup. “Our submission as a group is that, these aggrieved politicians who are sounding gongs of war, should be invited and advised that election is never, and should not be seen as a do or die affair. Anyone who is not a victor, could definitely be one tomorrow. There is no need to heat up the polity because of selfish desperation. “These gladiators belong to the class of politicians whose cronies either lost out or who refused to take part in the process to elect the delegates in their respective wards’ centers, obviously running away from imminent failure.” The group added that apart from witnessing the exercise in their wards, they have listened to the outcome of the congress in all the 14 Radio and Television stations in the State, and there was no way an exercise conducted in over 329 locations, would record an anomaly, without being reported or spotted on the media.