Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan Tuesday at the plenary confirmed that the Chief Whip of the Senate and former Governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, dumped his presidential ambition for him. He stated this while announcing a roll call of Senators who are ambitious to contest the 2023 presidential election on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Lawan commended Senator Kalu, describing him as a statesman for withdrawing from the presidential race for him. Those who have purchased the N100 million APC presidential nomination form, according to him, are Senator Ibikunle Amosu representing Ogun Central Senatorial District; Senator Robert Ajayi Boroffice, representing Ondo North Senatorial District, and himself representing Yobe North Senatorial District. He said: “The first person to buy presidential nomination form is Senator Ibikunle.Amosu; the next is the distinguished deputy Senate leader, Senator Robert Ajayi Boroffice. “Also I got the nod and I have shown my interest to contest for the Office of the President of our great country on the platform of our great party, the APC. “So the Senate contingent is a formidable one and by the grace of the Almighty God the aspirants for the All Progressives Congress and maybe the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as well will make headway. “The Chief Whip, who is also an aspirant, has stepped down to support my aspiration. So the Chief Whip of the Federation, I will thank you for what you have done for being a statesman. “All our colleagues who are contesting for the governorship in their various states, we wish all of them the best of luck and those who want to come back to the Senate, we also wish them the best of luck.” The Senate President on Monday claimed to have been presented with the presidential nomination form by a group operating under the aegis of “National Stability Project”, led by Mr Sam Nkire. The nomination form was presented to him after an elaborate ceremony at the Senate President’s guest house in Maitama, Abuja where some Senators loyal to him were present.