What would have been another tragedy was averted on Saturday as another two-storey building partially collapsed in Lagos State. The incident happened at Ago Palace way, Okota in Lagos State. Luckily, most of the occupants of the building escaped unhurt two hours before it caved in. Recall that last week, Nigerians woke up to learn of a building collapse at Ebute-Meta, Lagos, where about 10 occupants lost their lives. According to reports made available to DAILY POST, signs that the building might collapse were noticed on time, prompting the occupants to rush out in record time to avoid being trapped. The incident occurred at Chris Igadi Street in the early hours of Saturday, while emergency operations which commenced immediately, lasted till daybreak. It could not be ascertained at press time the immediate cause of the collapse. Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, the Permanent Secretary, Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), who confirmed the incident, said no casualty was recorded. He, however, added that the site of the collapsed structure had been cordoned off and handed over to the Lagos State Building Control Agency (LASBCA). According to him, “On arrival, information gathered from the residents revealed that the building gave signs several hours before it collapsed. “Fortunately, nobody was trapped as all the occupants evacuated the area when the signs began two hours before the collapse. “A head count of occupants was carried out to ensure no occupants are missing and the remains of the building were cordoned off. “The operation was concluded around 5.23 am. The site will be handed over to LABSCA and Ministry of Physical Planning for further investigation.” Also, the incident was confirmed by the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Lagos State Territorial Coordinator, Ibrahim Farinloye, who said, “the two storey building partially collapsed at about 2.am. “The occupants had rushed out before the collapse because the building had given signs two hours prior to when the incident really occurred. No one was injured or any casualty recorded.”