The Sokoto State Government has announced the suspension of the resumption of basic and secondary schools in the State by one week. The schools are supposed to resume today and tomorrow (Sunday and Monday) for boarding and day students. The suspension was made known in a statement by Malam Ibrahim Iya, spokesperson of the Ministry of Basic and Secondary Education, on Sunday in Sokoto. He said that the suspension was sequel to the 24-hour curfew declared by the government. The statement added that Dr Bello Guiwa, the Commissioner for Basic and Secondary Education instructed all public and private schools to resume on May 22, for boarding and May 23, for day students. The statement added that, “final year students who are supposed to begin their WAEC examination on Monday, May 16, 2022, are not affected. “Parents, teachers, SBMC’s and PTAs are expected to comply with the directive, please.” Meanwhile, in a related development, National Youths Service Corps, NYSC, members serving in Sokoto, especially those in the metropolis, have been urged to remain at home because of the 24-hour curfew. This was contained in another statement from Malam Sani Idris, the spokesperson of the scheme in Sokoto State, on Sunday. According to the statement, the management of the scheme had informed all the security agencies to make sure the safety of its corps members were intact throughout the curfew period and beyond. “Arrangements have also been made for the Police and Army patrol vehicles to intensify surveillance in all of the corps members’ locations. “Management urged corps members to remain calm and law-abiding at all times and also assured them that things would soon return to normalcy in the State,” the statement added. DAILY POST reports that the Sokoto government had on Saturday announced a 24-hour curfew on the State metropolis after violent protests by some youths. The youths were seeking the release of some suspects arrested by the security agencies because of the alleged killing and burning of Miss Deborah Samuel on Thursday. Deborah, a 200-level Home Economics student of the Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, was alleged to have committed blasphemy in a school WhatsApp group. Her remains were buried yesterday at her hometown, Tungar Magajiya, Rijau Local Government of Niger State, by her family.