The Osun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the recent announcement that the State Government was recruiting 30,000 youths in the State-owned Osun Youths Employment Scheme (OYES), as an art of indecency and irritating insult on the highly intelligent people of the State. The Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola was also warned to desist from overstretching his luck beyond the elastic limit of the suffering masses and his deceit and mockery of the youths in the State. This warning was issued in a statement signed by Oladele Bamiji, Director of Media, Osun State chapter of the PDP and obtained by DAILY POST on Monday. While wondering why the Governor appeared to always treat Osun youths with disdain, the party added the decision of Governor Oyetola to resume recruitment for OYES with just some months left for the gubernatorial election in the State spoke volume. He said, “that Mr. governor could begin to scamper around to resume the life degrading Youth Empowerment Scheme with just a couple of months to governorship election and after abandoning same for years, speaks volumes of a man in distress but with fading energy to play around balls of poverty deliberately foisted on the state for times like this. “The PDP calls on the good people of the State to see through Mr. Oyetola’s latest merry-go-rounds as unbridled antics of a ballot robber, whose sense of guilt and seeming insecurity have severely distorted his gubernatorial comportment, forcing him to make reckless pronouncements aimed to hoodwink unsuspecting members of the public.” Osun PDP, which noted that reopening the scheme just two months to election was one insult too many to the youths who are now reduced to street sweepers in their own State, added that same age-grade cronies of the governor were pampered as government contractors and treasury looting consultants. The PDP called on the youths and the State electorates to rise above the crass insults and vote out the APC government which had been involved in the disgraceful management of the State.