Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has said the fear of prosecution is a major drive for Governor Nyesom Wike’s presidential ambition. The rights group accused the hierarchy of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, of engaging in a choreographed suicide mission by hatching and implementing active but corrosive and toxic anti-South East antics by refusing to zone the 2023 presidency to the region. HURIWA also accused Governor Wike of inflicting irreparable damage to the sole of the PDP by allegedly hijacking the party’s National secretariat. According to the rights group, Wike is only accomplishing his overwhelming selfish ambition to corner the party’s presidential ticket. According to the Emmanuel Onwubiko-led group, Governor Wike is being pushed by fear of the unknown because he is mortally afraid that should his arch political rival Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi gets the presidential slot of the APC and wins the 2023 presidential election then certainly, Wike could face political persecution by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission over alleged financial indiscretion. HURIWA further slammed Wike for criticising Peter Obi for quitting the heavy cash compromised PDP. The group said the PDP is bent on chasing away the South-East from its fold because having used and dumped the region, the party now wishes to become a slave of the North or Wike. “These two tendencies of Atiku Abubakar and Nyesom Wike have combined to ensure that South East of Nigeria does not get her deserved pride of place in the party they had laboured for over the past twenty years even at the risks of suffering some of the harshest policies of marginalisation and political apartheid from the President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration for the last 7 years because the South East has since 1999 been voting en masse for the People’s Democratic Party,” HURIWA said in a statement signed by Emmanuel Onwubiko, its National Coordinator. Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe is the latest member of the PDP in the South-East to tender a letter to the Senate President indicating he has just resigned from his position. Recall that a leading presidential aspirant of the PDP, Dr. Peter Obi, had earlier dumped the party and there are rumours many more top members of the main opposition will decamp. HURIWA praised Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe and Mr. Peter Obi for showing courage and determination to stand for justice, truth, social and political-ideological principles and for taking a long walk away from the house of scam that is allegedly PDP. HURIWA said it offends the principles of natural justice and national unity that Igbos who have one of the three largest population of Nigeria has been treated with the short-end of the stick through the connivance of the Hausa/Fulani North and some reactionary elitist elements of the South West extraction for their selfish agenda which is undermining National cohesion.